# Commit: 0dc0873334bbcd1e86a775e99b417bf9b5e50595
## Message: GP-0 Updated ChangeHistory for 12.1 release
## Diff:
```
diff --git a/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/ChangeHistory.md b/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/ChangeHistory.md
index c8008fa161c..fa9e6b24d46 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/ChangeHistory.md
+++ b/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/ChangeHistory.md
@@ -2,166 +2,304 @@
 
 ### New Features
 * _Byte Viewer_. Added support for other-than-ASCII character encodings in the ByteViewer. (GP-5689)
-* _Data Types_. Added ability to merge non-conflicting structures, unions, or enums. (GP-5808, Issue #2461)
+* _Data Types_. Added ability to merge non-conflicting structures, unions, or enums. (GP-5808, 
+  Issue #2461)
 * _Debugger:Agents_. Enabled synchronization between x64dbg and Ghidra. (GP-5972)
-* _Debugger:Time_. Added a margin bar and new BreakpointTimelinePlugin that displays breakpoint hits across the whole execution of a trace. (GP-5895)
+* _Debugger:Time_. Added a margin bar and new BreakpointTimelinePlugin that displays breakpoint hits 
+  across the whole execution of a trace. (GP-5895)
 * _DWARF_. Added support for querying `debuginfod` servers for files. (GP-5924, Issue #8407)
 * _ELF_. Added markup for `.gnu.build.attributes` in ELF binaries. (GP-5929)
-* _GUI_. Updated the Data Type Manager provider to remember the program archive's selected data type when switching between program tabs. (GP-2370)
-* _GUI_. Added a __Hide Filter__ action for Tables and Trees.  This action can be bound to the `Escape` key to close the filter. (GP-6336, Issue #8771)
-* _GUI_. Updated the __Find References__ action to appear in tables that have addresses. (GP-6365, Issue #8899)
+* _GUI_. Updated the Data Type Manager provider to remember the program archive's selected data type 
+  when switching between program tabs. (GP-2370)
+* _GUI_. Added a __Hide Filter__ action for Tables and Trees.  This action can be bound to the 
+  `Escape` key to close the filter. (GP-6336, Issue #8771)
+* _GUI_. Updated the __Find References__ action to appear in tables that have addresses. (GP-6365, 
+  Issue #8899)
 * _Importer:Trace_. Added a loader for Tenet trace files. (GP-6382)
-* _Processors_. Added the Hexagon Language module with modified instruction syntax.  Modified syntax was used to better fit Ghidra's mnemonic/operand Listing API.  This processor also introduces the first use of Ghidra's Sleigh `crossbuild` feature which is used for weaving pcode for parallel processor architectures such as the Hexagon. (GP-6621, Issue #1595)
-* _Scripting_. Added `AddVfunctionCallRefScript`, which, if the cursor is on a vftable->function token in the Decompiler, will create a CALL reference to the associated function in the Listing, if it can be determined. (GP-6693)
+* _Processors_. Added the Hexagon Language module with modified instruction syntax.  Modified syntax 
+  was used to better fit Ghidra's mnemonic/operand Listing API.  This processor also introduces the 
+  first use of Ghidra's Sleigh `crossbuild` feature which is used for weaving pcode for parallel 
+  processor architectures such as the Hexagon. (GP-6621, Issue #1595)
+* _Scripting_. Added `AddVfunctionCallRefScript`, which, if the cursor is on a vftable->function 
+  token in the Decompiler, will create a CALL reference to the associated function in the Listing, 
+  if it can be determined. (GP-6693)
 * _Search_. Added the ability to scan using the results from one progam rebased on another. (GP-6260)
 
 ### Improvements
 * _Analysis_. More Swift type metadata has been marked up. (GP-6281)
 * _Analysis_. Improved Golang analyzer to handle some obfuscation techniques. (GP-6291, Issue #8804)
-* _Analysis_. Improved Objective-C analysis with such things as providing `msgSend` support. (GP-6327, Issue #5938)
-* _Basic Infrastructure_. Environment variables can now be set in `launch.properties` using `ENVVARS=` or `ENVVARS_[PLATFORM]=`. (GP-6193)
-* _Basic Infrastructure_. Ghidra's maximum heap size can now be set via external environment variables.  See each of the various launch shell scripts for usage information. (GP-6213)
-* _Basic Infrastructure_. Ghidra's Java options (system properties) can now be set via external environment variables.  See each of the various launch shell scripts for usage information. (GP-6350, Issue #4960, #8885, #8942)
+* _Analysis_. Improved Objective-C analysis with such things as providing `msgSend` support. (GP-6327, 
+  Issue #5938)
+* _Basic Infrastructure_. Environment variables can now be set in `launch.properties` using 
+  `ENVVARS=` or `ENVVARS_[PLATFORM]=`. (GP-6193)
+* _Basic Infrastructure_. Ghidra's maximum heap size can now be set via external environment 
+  variables.  See each of the various launch shell scripts for usage information. (GP-6213)
+* _Basic Infrastructure_. Ghidra's Java options (system properties) can now be set via external 
+  environment variables.  See each of the various launch shell scripts for usage information. 
+  (GP-6350, Issue #4960, #8885, #8942)
 * _Basic Infrastructure_. Upgraded JDOM to 2.0.6.1. (GP-6370)
-* _Basic Infrastructure_. Fixed an issue that occurred when expanding environment variables that contained regular expression characters in `launch.properties`. (GP-6704, Issue #9061)
+* _Basic Infrastructure_. Fixed an issue that occurred when expanding environment variables that 
+  contained regular expression characters in `launch.properties`. (GP-6704, Issue #9061)
 * _Build_. Ghidra can now be built on Windows on ARM (requires Gradle 9.2 or later). (GP-6126)
-* _Data Types_. Change was made which consistently allows duplicate component/field naming within Structure/Union datatypes.  When editing a name within the GUI, the user will be warned and must confirm use of a duplicate name. (GP-3564, Issue #5249)
-* _Data Types_. A datatype which gets removed will no longer attempt to update itself as a result of dependency changes.  This may reduce the number of superfluous listener callbacks and events that occur during the removal process. (GP-5882)
+* _Data Types_. Change was made which consistently allows duplicate component/field naming within 
+  Structure/Union datatypes.  When editing a name within the GUI, the user will be warned and must 
+  confirm use of a duplicate name. (GP-3564, Issue #5249)
+* _Data Types_. A datatype which gets removed will no longer attempt to update itself as a result of 
+  dependency changes.  This may reduce the number of superfluous listener callbacks and events that 
+  occur during the removal process. (GP-5882)
 * _Debugger_. Added parameter for custom arguments to gdb/lldb. (GP-6112, Issue #8565)
 * _Debugger_. Better available lists are provided for gdb/lldb. (GP-6273, Issue #8711)
 * _Debugger_. Added remote option for x64dbg. (GP-6401, Issue #8929)
-* _Debugger_. Added the ability to launch lldb/gdb from Windows via ssh targeting Windows on the remote machine. (GP-6423)
+* _Debugger_. Added the ability to launch lldb/gdb from Windows via ssh targeting Windows on the 
+  remote machine. (GP-6423)
 * _Debugger:Emulator_. Provided GUI additions to expose Emulator Taint. (GP-6129)
-* _Debugger:Emulator_. Created `Save` state for Emulator, as the choice of Emulator was not being saved. (GP-6163)
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. Created `Save` state for Emulator, as the choice of Emulator was not being 
+  saved. (GP-6163)
 * _Debugger:LLDB_. Created new launcher for android attach. (GP-6174, Issue #6386, #8225)
 * _Debugger:LLDB_. Rerunning the target in lldb is now allowed. (GP-6422, Issue #8945)
 * _Debugger:LLDB_. Added the ability to attach to _available_ process for lldb. (GP-6474)
 * _Debugger:Time_. Provided better color management for Time overviews. (GP-6440)
 * _Decompiler_. The Decompiler now displays structure bitfields in expressions. (GP-2493, Issue #647)
 * _Decompiler_. Extended Abstract Interpretation logic to high pcode. (GP-5921)
-* _Decompiler_. The display format for integer case labels can now be set for individual switch statements from the Decompiler window. (GP-5922, Issue #4438, #8196, #8726)
-* _Decompiler_. Added a Decompiler action to toggle the __Disable printing of type casts__ option. (GP-6199, Issue #7452)
-* _Decompiler_. Added setter methods to the DecompilerOptions class.  These can be used by script writers to control the Decompiler's behavior. (GP-6266, Issue #8812)
-* _Demangler_. Created Output options for Microsoft Demangler that control output of anonymous namespace encoding and control the emitting of tags for user-defined types when found as template or function arguments. (GP-4901)
-* _Demangler_. Updated the Rust Demangler to use code ported from the official Rust-based Demangler. (GP-6108, Issue #8609)
+* _Decompiler_. The display format for integer case labels can now be set for individual switch 
+  statements from the Decompiler window. (GP-5922, Issue #4438, #8196, #8726)
+* _Decompiler_. Added a Decompiler action to toggle the __Disable printing of type casts__ option. 
+  (GP-6199, Issue #7452)
+* _Decompiler_. Added setter methods to the DecompilerOptions class.  These can be used by script 
+  writers to control the Decompiler's behavior. (GP-6266, Issue #8812)
+* _Demangler_. Created Output options for Microsoft Demangler that control output of anonymous 
+  namespace encoding and control the emitting of tags for user-defined types when found as template 
+  or function arguments. (GP-4901)
+* _Demangler_. Updated the Rust Demangler to use code ported from the official Rust-based Demangler. 
+  (GP-6108, Issue #8609)
 * _Demangler_. Updated the Gnu Demangler v2.24 to support the `static` modifier for functions. (GP-6394)
-* _Emulator_. Introduced a default `LOCK` userop definition for x86, and a default `ExclusiveMonitorPass` for ARM, as well as for other userops and processors. (GP-4241, Issue #6089, #7495)
-* _Emulator:JIT_. Optimized handling of multi-precision integers; i.e., varnodes of size greater than 8 bytes. (GP-5980)
-* _Function Compare_. Fixed the Function Comparison provider so that it saves changes made to the Listing View fields.  The provider will now also remember the last view tab selected. (GP-6016)
+* _Emulator_. Introduced a default `LOCK` userop definition for x86, and a default 
+  `ExclusiveMonitorPass` for ARM, as well as for other userops and processors. (GP-4241, Issue #6089, 
+  #7495)
+* _Emulator:JIT_. Optimized handling of multi-precision integers; i.e., varnodes of size greater 
+  than 8 bytes. (GP-5980)
+* _Function Compare_. Fixed the Function Comparison provider so that it saves changes made to the 
+  Listing View fields.  The provider will now also remember the last view tab selected. (GP-6016)
 * _GUI_. Added a Data Type Manager action to search for enums by value. (GP-1914)
-* _GUI_. Added popup menu items __Close Other__, __Close Tabs to the Right__, and __Close Tabs to the Left__ to docking window tabs. (GP-4961)
+* _GUI_. Added popup menu items __Close Other__, __Close Tabs to the Right__, and 
+  __Close Tabs to the Left__ to docking window tabs. (GP-4961)
 * _GUI_. Added namespace chooser to Add/Edit Label Dialog. (GP-5806, Issue #8263)
-* _GUI_. Changed the Log Viewer to a window instead of a dialog so that it can be maximized. (GP-6044)
+* _GUI_. Changed the Log Viewer to a window instead of a dialog so that it can be maximized. 
+  (GP-6044)
 * _GUI_. Added a __Find All__ button in the Find Dialog used in many component providers. (GP-6076)
-* _GUI_. Updated the Listing Snapshots to include the Flow Arrows, Margin Markers, and Overview Markers. (GP-6085, Issue #8601)
-* _GUI_. Added an action to the Symbol Tree to allow users to toggle outgoing navigation events. (GP-6101, Issue #8618)
-* _GUI_. Added a generic __Mem Source__ table column to assist in filtering compatible tables based on the source from where the memory addresses originated. (GP-6147, Issue #8548)
-* _GUI_. Added a `modify()` method to the Annotation class so clients can perform their own annotation transformations. (GP-6451, Issue #8928)
+* _GUI_. Updated the Listing Snapshots to include the Flow Arrows, Margin Markers, and Overview 
+  Markers. (GP-6085, Issue #8601)
+* _GUI_. Added an action to the Symbol Tree to allow users to toggle outgoing navigation events. 
+  (GP-6101, Issue #8618)
+* _GUI_. Added a generic __Mem Source__ table column to assist in filtering compatible tables based 
+  on the source from where the memory addresses originated. (GP-6147, Issue #8548)
+* _GUI_. Added a `modify()` method to the Annotation class so clients can perform their own 
+  annotation transformations. (GP-6451, Issue #8928)
 * _Importer_. The `ElfLoader` can now recognize Swift and golang binaries. (GP-3960, Issue #8795)
-* _Importer_. The `NeLoader` can now load binaries that used Phar Lap’s 286/DOS-Extender. (GP-6537, Issue #1905, #2493)
+* _Importer_. The `NeLoader` can now load binaries that used Phar Lap’s 286/DOS-Extender. (GP-6537, 
+  Issue #1905, #2493)
 * _Importer:PE_. The PE loader now sets up thunk functions for export forwarders. (GP-5900)
 * _Importer:PE_. The PE Dynamic Value Relocation Table (DVRT) is now parsed and marked up. (GP-6502)
-* _Jython_. Jython support is now delivered as a Ghidra Extension, which means an extra step is required to install it. If Jython is required, the user should simply go to __File -> Install Extensions__ in the Ghidra Front End GUI and check __Jython__. The user must restart Ghidra to complete the enablement of Jython. (GP-6754)
+* _Jython_. Jython support is now delivered as a Ghidra Extension, which means an extra step is 
+  required to install it. If Jython is required, the user should simply go to 
+  __File -> Install Extensions__ in the Ghidra Front End GUI and check __Jython__. The user must 
+  restart Ghidra to complete the enablement of Jython. (GP-6754)
 * _Languages_. More Swift type metadata has been parsed and marked up. (GP-6137, Issue #8607)
 * _Listing_. Added a feature to allow function bodies to be closed in the Listing. (GP-5987)
-* _Listing_. Changed offcut string references to use the existing non-default label at the string beginning instead of the default name created from the string's offcut location. If no label is defined, the default offcut string naming scheme is used (`s_[substring]` instead of `[label name]+offset`). (GP-6345, Issue #8882)
-* _Multi-User_. Improved Ghidra Server serialization filters and added serialization filters to client-side Ghidra applications.  We may have missed something in our testing so let us know if you encounter an `InvalidClassException`.  The log will identify a class which fails to pass the filter rules. (GP-6719)
-* _Processors_. Corrected behavior of ARM thumb `branchWritePC` macro (GP-6333, Issue #8585)
-* _Processors_. Added `maximumInstructionLength` language property in support of `inst_next2` use. (GP-6613, Issue #8941)
-* _Processors_. Corrected operand order for MIPS162e `movn` and `movz` instructions (GP-6766)
-* _Project_. Expanded on the set of allowed special characters for a local Ghidra project path name to include the following: `'.'`, `'-'`, `'='`, `'@'`, `' '`, `'_'`, `'('`, `')'`, `'['`, `']'`, and `'~'`. (GP-6681)
-* _PyGhidra_. PyGhidra will now, by default, restore `sys.modules` to its prior state after a PyGhidra script is run (or the interactive interpreter is reset) so the next time a script is run, it freshly loads all of its imported modules again. This default behavior can be disabled by setting the `pyghidra.sys.modules.restore.disable` Java system property to true, which can be done in the `support/launch.properties` file. (GP-6288)
+* _Listing_. Changed offcut string references to use the existing non-default label at the string 
+  beginning instead of the default name created from the string's offcut location. If no label is 
+  defined, the default offcut string naming scheme is used (`s_[substring]` instead of 
+  `[label name]+offset`). (GP-6345, Issue #8882)
+* _Multi-User_. Improved Ghidra Server serialization filters and added serialization filters to 
+  client-side Ghidra applications.  We may have missed something in our testing so let us know if 
+  you encounter an `InvalidClassException`.  The log will identify a class which fails to pass the 
+  filter rules. (GP-6719)
+* _Processors_. Corrected behavior of ARM thumb `branchWritePC` macro. (GP-6333, Issue #8585)
+* _Processors_. Added `maximumInstructionLength` language property in support of `inst_next2` use. 
+  (GP-6613, Issue #8941)
+* _Processors_. Corrected operand order for MIPS162e `movn` and `movz` instructions. (GP-6766)
+* _Project_. Expanded on the set of allowed special characters for a local Ghidra project path name 
+  to include the following: `'.'`, `'-'`, `'='`, `'@'`, `' '`, `'_'`, `'('`, `')'`, `'['`, `']'`, and 
+  `'~'`. (GP-6681)
+* _PyGhidra_. PyGhidra will now, by default, restore `sys.modules` to its prior state after a 
+  PyGhidra script is run (or the interactive interpreter is reset) so the next time a script is run, 
+  it freshly loads all of its imported modules again. This default behavior can be disabled by 
+  setting the `pyghidra.sys.modules.restore.disable` Java system property to true, which can be done in 
+  the `support/launch.properties` file. (GP-6288)
 * _Scripting_. Made some improvements to the `RecoverClassesFromRTTIScript` for GCC programs. (GP-6670)
-* _Search_. Fixed an issue where some matches were not found when doing a regular expression search using the regex _lookbehind_ clause. (GP-6070)
+* _Search_. Fixed an issue where some matches were not found when doing a regular expression search 
+  using the regex _lookbehind_ clause. (GP-6070)
 * _Search_. Updated MemoryBytePatternSearcher to correctly handle mapped blocks. (GP-6308)
-* _Sleigh_. Fixed the Sleigh `goto` statement to accept 64-bit literals. Added range-checking for literals in Sleigh compiler. This fixes an Emulator issue where edits to the `pc` register were truncated to 32 bits. (GP-6328, Issue #8875)
-* _Symbol Table_. In the Symbol Table's __Symbol References__ table, the user can now select multiple refs in the refs table to delete more than one reference at a time.  There is also a new action in the Symbol Table popup action to allow the user to delete all references to a symbol, found under __References -> Delete All__.  Finally, there is a new __Make Selection__ action in the popup menu of the References Table to select, in the Listing, all references to a symbol. (GP-6430)
+* _Sleigh_. Fixed the Sleigh `goto` statement to accept 64-bit literals. Added range-checking for 
+  literals in Sleigh compiler. This fixes an Emulator issue where edits to the `pc` register were 
+  truncated to 32 bits. (GP-6328, Issue #8875)
+* _Symbol Table_. In the Symbol Table's __Symbol References__ table, the user can now select 
+  multiple refs in the refs table to delete more than one reference at a time.  There is also a new 
+  action in the Symbol Table popup action to allow the user to delete all references to a symbol, 
+  found under __References -> Delete All__.  Finally, there is a new __Make Selection__ action in 
+  the popup menu of the References Table to select, in the Listing, all references to a symbol. (GP-6430)
 * _Testing_. Upgraded jacoco to 0.8.14. (GP-6504)
-* _Version Tracking_. Improved Version Tracking so that when applying `thiscall` function signatures, the source's class structure is copied to the destination program, if appropriate, given the chosen apply options. (GP-5709, Issue #8127)
-* _Version Tracking_. Updated Version Tracking to allow replacing of existing function label namespaces. (GP-5996)
+* _Version Tracking_. Improved Version Tracking so that when applying `thiscall` function signatures, 
+  the source's class structure is copied to the destination program, if appropriate, given the 
+  chosen apply options. (GP-5709, Issue #8127)
+* _Version Tracking_. Updated Version Tracking to allow replacing of existing function label 
+  namespaces. (GP-5996)
 
 ### Bugs
 * _Analysis_. Added support for Windows DLLs generated by Golang. (GP-6325)
-* _Analysis_. Corrected `AutoAnalysisManger.removeCancelledListenter()` to call `removeCancelledListener()` instead of incorrectly calling `addCancelledListener()`.  This addresses a potential memory leak within Ghidra. (GP-6789)
+* _Analysis_. Corrected `AutoAnalysisManager.removeCancelledListenter()` to call `removeCancelledListener()` 
+  instead of incorrectly calling `addCancelledListener()`.  This addresses a potential memory leak 
+  within Ghidra. (GP-6789)
 * _BSim_. Improved string sanitization in PostgresFunctionDatabase.java. (GP-6722)
 * _BSim_. Escaped values used to create BSim filters. (GP-6736)
-* _Build_. Gradle 9 no longer fails when passed the `--parallel` command line argument. (GP-6385, Issue #8621, #8622)
-* _Byte Viewer_. Fixed a bug in the Byte Viewer where the last byte in the program could not be selected in some views. (GP-6178)
-* _Byte Viewer_. Changed the Byte Viewer to give a visual clue (foreground color is gray) when a multi-byte value spans adjacent memory blocks. (GP-6184)
-* _Byte Viewer_. Fixed a minor alignment issue in Byte Viewer when a column could not populate the first line of a memory block. (GP-6204)
-* _Byte Viewer_. Updated the Byte Viewer's configure options dialog to handle programs with no minimum address. (GP-6227, Issue #8762, #8763)
-* _Data Types_. The Data Type Tree's __Associate with Archive__ action is now only available for selected Program datatypes.  A normal copy or datatype drag-n-drop may still be used between all datatype archives. (GP-6362)
-* _Data Types_. Corrected Structure Editor __Unpackage Component__ action which was misplacing components. (GP-6574, Issue #9041)
-* _Data Types_. Corrected Structure `insertAtOffset` behavior when inserting at an offset which precedes a zero-length component. (GP-6576)
+* _Build_. Gradle 9 no longer fails when passed the `--parallel` command line argument. (GP-6385, 
+  Issue #8621, #8622)
+* _Byte Viewer_. Fixed a bug in the Byte Viewer where the last byte in the program could not be 
+  selected in some views. (GP-6178)
+* _Byte Viewer_. Changed the Byte Viewer to give a visual clue (foreground color is gray) when a 
+  multi-byte value spans adjacent memory blocks. (GP-6184)
+* _Byte Viewer_. Fixed a minor alignment issue in Byte Viewer when a column could not populate the 
+  first line of a memory block. (GP-6204)
+* _Byte Viewer_. Updated the Byte Viewer's configure options dialog to handle programs with no 
+  minimum address. (GP-6227, Issue #8762, #8763)
+* _Data Types_. The Data Type Tree's __Associate with Archive__ action is now only available for 
+  selected Program datatypes.  A normal copy or datatype drag-n-drop may still be used between all 
+  datatype archives. (GP-6362)
+* _Data Types_. Corrected Structure Editor __Unpackage Component__ action which was misplacing 
+  components. (GP-6574, Issue #9041)
+* _Data Types_. Corrected Structure `insertAtOffset` behavior when inserting at an offset which 
+  precedes a zero-length component. (GP-6576)
 * _Data Types_. Corrected upgrade failure which can occur for Project Data Type Archives. (GP-6649)
-* _Data Types_. Fixed the script that parses UEFI header files for extracting data types. (GP-6690)
-* _Debugger_. Fixed bug in the tree logic encountered when searching for an appropriate Trace Object. (GP-6173, Issue #8702)
-* _Debugger_. Fixed a hang in the Debugger UI when closing a session under certain conditions. (GP-6299)
-* _Debugger_. Provided a fix to allow register queries for non-active threads. (GP-6375, Issue #8903)
+* _Data Types_. Fixed `CreateUEFIGDTAarchivesScript`, which parses UEFI header files for extracting 
+  data types. (GP-6690)
+* _Debugger_. Fixed bug in the tree logic encountered when searching for an appropriate Trace 
+  Object. (GP-6173, Issue #8702)
+* _Debugger_. Fixed a hang in the Debugger UI when closing a session under certain conditions. 
+  (GP-6299)
+* _Debugger_. Provided a fix to allow register queries for non-active threads. (GP-6375, 
+  Issue #8903)
 * _Debugger_. Fixed an error where breakpoints were ineffective for x64dbg. (GP-6468, Issue #8989)
 * _Debugger_. Fixed bugs in x64dbg write methods. (GP-6482, Issue #9003)
 * _Debugger:Agents_. Provided better end-of-life story for the x64dbg agent. (GP-6148)
-* _Debugger:Agents_. Changed Debugger defaults to listen on localhost rather than all interfaces. (GP-6716)
-* _Debugger:Breakpoints_. Fixed a `ClosedException` in the logical breakpoint serivce. (GP-6572, Issue #8904)
-* _Debugger:dbgeng.dll_. Handlers should not force break. They now return `DEBUG_STATUS_NO_CHANGE`. (GP-6190, Issue #8738)
+* _Debugger:Agents_. Changed Debugger defaults to listen on localhost rather than all interfaces. 
+  (GP-6716)
+* _Debugger:Breakpoints_. Fixed a `ClosedException` in the logical breakpoint serivce. (GP-6572, 
+  Issue #8904)
+* _Debugger:dbgeng.dll_. Handlers should not force break. They now return `DEBUG_STATUS_NO_CHANGE`. 
+  (GP-6190, Issue #8738)
 * _Debugger:dbgeng.dll_. Added python handlers for dbgeng. (GP-6374)
-* _Debugger:Emulator_. Fixed an issue where AUX emulators, e.g., the Taint Emulator, did not recognize the `emu_*` userops in injections. (GP-6018)
-* _Debugger:Emulator_. Better default behavior for Z3 plugin is provided, especially upon removal. (GP-6312)
-* _Decompiler_. Updated the Decompiler's __Set Equate__ action to not prompt users twice. (GP-6205, Issue #8736)
-* _Decompiler_. Fixed a bug in the Decompiler when analyzing expressions of the form `val & bitmask >> const != 0`. (GP-6318, Issue #8717, #8718)
-* _Decompiler_. Fixed infinite loop triggered during multistage jumptable analysis. (GP-6610, Issue #8968)
-* _Decompiler_. Updated the Decompiler to not re-decompile when creating a snapshot of the current function. (GP-6629)
-* _Demangler_. Updated the legacy GnuDemangler v2.24 to handle qualifiers being used along with the `F` character. (GP-6363)
-* _Emulator_. Fixed crash issue that occurred if a script, userop, or similar ever called `state.getVar()` with size of 0. (GP-6654)
-* _Emulator:JIT_. Fixed several bugs discovered when converting `EmuX86GccDeobfuscateHookExampleScript`. (GP-6397)
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. Fixed an issue where AUX emulators, e.g., the Taint Emulator, did not 
+  recognize the `emu_*` userops in injections. (GP-6018)
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. Better default behavior for Z3 plugin is provided, especially upon removal. 
+  (GP-6312)
+* _Decompiler_. Updated the Decompiler's __Set Equate__ action to not prompt users twice. (GP-6205, 
+  Issue #8736)
+* _Decompiler_. Fixed a bug in the Decompiler when analyzing expressions of the form 
+  `val & bitmask >> const != 0`. (GP-6318, Issue #8717, #8718)
+* _Decompiler_. Fixed infinite loop triggered during multistage jumptable analysis. (GP-6610, 
+  Issue #8968)
+* _Decompiler_. Updated the Decompiler to not re-decompile when creating a snapshot of the current 
+  function. (GP-6629)
+* _Demangler_. Updated the legacy GnuDemangler v2.24 to handle qualifiers being used along with the 
+  `F` character. (GP-6363)
+* _Emulator_. Fixed crash issue that occurred if a script, userop, or similar ever called 
+  `state.getVar()` with size of 0. (GP-6654)
+* _Emulator:JIT_. Fixed several bugs discovered when converting `EmuX86GccDeobfuscateHookExampleScript`. 
+  (GP-6397)
 * _Emulator:JIT_. Fixed a bug in multi-precision-integer-addition code generation. (GP-6457)
-* _Function_. Corrected possible exception within Function Editor when applying simple parameter renames made within table. (GP-6746)
+* _Function_. Corrected possible exception within Function Editor when applying simple parameter 
+  renames made within table. (GP-6746)
 * _GUI_. Fixed table header not painting edges on the Windows theme. (GP-6053, Issue #8564)
 * _GUI_. Fixed a keyboard focus issue related to modal dialogs. (GP-6069, Issue #8571)
-* _GUI_. Updated the __Choose Data Type__ action to use the actual data type at the current location instead of the base data type. (GP-6192, Issue #8734)
+* _GUI_. Updated the __Choose Data Type__ action to use the actual data type at the current location 
+  instead of the base data type. (GP-6192, Issue #8734)
 * _GUI_. Updated Program Tabs to better show the current active program. (GP-6323)
-* _GUI_. Fixed stack trace in Symbol Tree when converting a Namespace to a Class. (GP-6326, Issue #8869)
+* _GUI_. Fixed stack trace in Symbol Tree when converting a Namespace to a Class. (GP-6326, 
+  Issue #8869)
 * _GUI_. Improved the appearance of the Script Quick Launch dialog. (GP-6335, Issue #8759)
-* _GUI_. Fixed key bindings that use the `Alt` key so that the right `Alt` key works in addition to the left `Alt` key.  This is now an option that can be disabled for users that prefer to keep the right `Alt` key independent of the left `Alt` key. (GP-6450, Issue #8205, #8969)
-* _GUI_. Fixed Add/Edit Label behavior on symbol names that contain the `"::"` namespace separator. (GP-6488)
+* _GUI_. Fixed key bindings that use the `Alt` key so that the right `Alt` key works in addition to 
+  the left `Alt` key.  This is now an option that can be disabled for users that prefer to keep the 
+  right `Alt` key independent of the left `Alt` key. (GP-6450, Issue #8205, #8969)
+* _GUI_. Fixed Add/Edit Label behavior on symbol names that contain the `"::"` namespace separator. 
+  (GP-6488)
 * _GUI_. Fixed a bug in the Listing open-union display that caused a `NullPointerException`. (GP-6536)
 * _GUI_. Corrected behavior of Function Call Tree when traversing thunk functions. (GP-6653)
 * _GUI_. Fixed Data Type Manager filter bugs. (GP-6749)
 * _GUI_. Fixed __Save As__ dialog not allowing users to select a folder. (GP-6756)
-* _Listing_. Fixed a bug where files were not marked as having unsaved changes in the Listing tabs after performing __Analyze All Open__ action. (GP-5953)
-* _Logging_. Fixed a bug that prevented GhidraScript output from being directed to either the default or user-specified `script.log` file. (GP-6532)
-* _Memory_. Corrected various issues related to improper use of Addresses from one program in another program's AddressMap. (GP-6150)
-* _Multi-User_. Corrected potential security concern with Ghidra Server PKI Authentication.  If using PKI Authentication mode (`-a2`) for the server install, the user should upgrade the server.  See reported Ghidra GitHub Pull Request #9109 for more details. (GP-6678, Issue #9109)
-* _Multi-User_. Added Ghidra Server `-ipAlt` option to address self-signed certificate issues affecting docker container deployments where an formal certificate was not used (see `server.conf` and `svrREADME.md`. (GP-6811)
+* _Listing_. Fixed a bug where files were not marked as having unsaved changes in the Listing tabs 
+  after performing __Analyze All Open__ action. (GP-5953)
+* _Logging_. Fixed a bug that prevented GhidraScript output from being directed to either the 
+  default or user-specified `script.log` file. (GP-6532)
+* _Memory_. Corrected various issues related to improper use of Addresses from one program in 
+  another program's AddressMap. (GP-6150)
+* _Multi-User_. Corrected potential security concern with Ghidra Server PKI Authentication.  If 
+  using PKI Authentication mode (`-a2`) for the server install, the user should upgrade the server.  
+  See reported Ghidra GitHub Pull Request #9109 for more details. (GP-6678, Issue #9109)
+* _Multi-User_. Added Ghidra Server `-ipAlt` option to address self-signed certificate issues 
+  affecting docker container deployments where a formal certificate was not used (see `server.conf` 
+  and `svrREADME.md`). (GP-6811)
 * _Processors_. Fixed ARM `ldrsh.w` and `ldrsb.w` instruction semantics. (GP-4651, Issue #6564)
 * _Processors_. Reworded Tricore processor description. (GP-5243, Issue #7170)
-* _Processors_. Corrected AVR32 `ICALL` instruction behavior when `rd0` is the `LR` register. (GP-5306, Issue #5718)
-* _Processors_. Corrected the signed offset parameter of PowerPC `LQ` instruction (GP-5508, Issue #6827)
-* _Processors_. Fixed disassembly for ARM Neon `vmvn` and `vmov` immediate instructions. (GP-5849, Issue #8319)
-* _Processors_. Added support for CIP-51 microprocessor variant of the 8051 language. (GP-6000, Issue #8130)
+* _Processors_. Corrected AVR32 `ICALL` instruction behavior when `rd0` is the `LR` register. 
+  (GP-5306, Issue #5718)
+* _Processors_. Corrected the signed offset parameter of PowerPC `LQ` instruction. (GP-5508, Issue 
+  #6827)
+* _Processors_. Fixed disassembly for ARM Neon `vmvn` and `vmov` immediate instructions. (GP-5849, 
+  Issue #8319)
+* _Processors_. Added support for CIP-51 microprocessor variant of the 8051 language. (GP-6000, 
+  Issue #8130)
 * _Processors_. Added several missing ARM v8m instructions. (GP-6145, Issue #8652)
-* _Processors_. Corrected PIC-18 disassembly for certain addressing modes when the destination operand is a banked register. (GP-6591, Issue #9051)
-* _Processors_. Corrected disassembly error with ARM neon `vmov.i32` instruction (GP-6750)
-* _Project_. Eliminated the maximum 60-character length naming restriction imposed on various Ghidra elements, including: project name, repository name,  project archive filename, and Ghidra tool config names.  Efforts have been made to allow for the use of foreign-language-naming of these elements.  Support for Ghidra projects stored on a Windows UNC shared drive has also been added. (GP-6402, Issue #8731)
-* _Search_. Fixed __Context__-column-sorting in the __Find References__ results table. (GP-6421, Issue #8943)
-* _Version Tracking_. Fixed a Version Tracking oversight that would not correctly replace return types or parameter types when the __Replace If Undefined__ option was set and the datatype to replace was an undefined pointer. (GP-5722)
+* _Processors_. Corrected PIC-18 disassembly for certain addressing modes when the destination 
+  operand is a banked register. (GP-6591, Issue #9051)
+* _Processors_. Corrected disassembly error with ARM neon `vmov.i32` instruction. (GP-6750)
+* _Project_. Eliminated the maximum 60-character length naming restriction imposed on various Ghidra 
+  elements, including: project name, repository name,  project archive filename, and Ghidra tool 
+  config names.  Efforts have been made to allow for the use of foreign-language-naming of these 
+  elements.  Support for Ghidra projects stored on a Windows UNC shared drive has also been added. 
+  (GP-6402, Issue #8731)
+* _Search_. Fixed __Context__-column-sorting in the __Find References__ results table. (GP-6421, 
+  Issue #8943)
+* _Version Tracking_. Fixed a Version Tracking oversight that would not correctly replace return 
+  types or parameter types when the __Replace If Undefined__ option was set and the datatype to 
+  replace was an undefined pointer. (GP-5722)
 
 ### Notable API Changes
-* _API_. (GP-6039) Revised `ProgramUtilities.parseAddress(Program, String)` to handle the parsing of external addresses (e.g., `EXTERNAL:000000100`).  Support for memory block style addresses has been eliminated for this method (e.g., `<blockName>:<offsetWithinAddressSpace>`).  Memory block style addresses should not be used.
-* _Basic Infrastructure_. (GP-6370) `GenericXMLOutputter` is now instantiated with a static `getInstance()` method rather than a constructor.
-* _Byte Viewer_. (GP-5689) ByteViewer's `DataFormatModel.replaceValue()` has been moved to the new `MutableDataFormatModel` interface, and `DataFormatModel.isEditable()` has been removed.  `DataFormatModel.validateBytesPerLine()` has been replaced with `validateByteViewerConfigOptions()`.  `DataFormatModel.setByteViewerConfigOptions()` has been added and `(get/set)GroupSize()` has been removed.
-* _Data Types_. (GP-3564) Eliminated throwing `DuplicateNameException` from `DataTypeComponent.setFieldName`.   Added `Composite.findComponent(String name)` and `Composite.findComponents(String name)` API methods.
+* _API_. (GP-6039) Revised `ProgramUtilities.parseAddress(Program, String)` to handle the parsing of 
+  external addresses (e.g., `EXTERNAL:000000100`).  Support for memory block style addresses has been 
+  eliminated for this method (e.g., `<blockName>:<offsetWithinAddressSpace>`).  Memory block style 
+  addresses should not be used.
+* _Basic Infrastructure_. (GP-6370) `GenericXMLOutputter` is now instantiated with a static 
+  `getInstance()` method rather than a constructor.
+* _Byte Viewer_. (GP-5689) ByteViewer's `DataFormatModel.replaceValue()` has been moved to the new 
+  `MutableDataFormatModel` interface, and `DataFormatModel.isEditable()` has been removed.  
+  `DataFormatModel.validateBytesPerLine()` has been replaced with `validateByteViewerConfigOptions()`. 
+  `DataFormatModel.setByteViewerConfigOptions()` has been added and `(get/set)GroupSize()` has been 
+  removed.
+* _Data Types_. (GP-3564) Eliminated throwing `DuplicateNameException` from 
+  `DataTypeComponent.setFieldName`.   Added `Composite.findComponent(String name)` and 
+  `Composite.findComponents(String name)` API methods.
 * _Debugger:dbgeng.dll_. (GP-6190) `dbgeng` handlers return `DEBUG_STATUS_NO_CHANGE`.
 * _Debugger:Emulator_. (GP-6129) PcodeOp was added to many Emulator methods.
-* _Debugger:Emulator_. (GP-6131) Managers in the `Trace` API now permit operating directly on register overlay spaces, where applicable.
-* _Debugger:Emulator_. (GP-6159) Removed `PcodeUseropDefinition.execute(PcodeExecutor, PcodeUseropLibrary, Varnode, List)` in favor of one taking `PcodeOp` as well.
-* _Emulator_. (GP-4241) Converted each now-deprecated `XxxEmulateInstructionStateModifer` to a `XxxPcodeUseropLibraryFactory`.
-* _Emulator_. (GP-6158) `AnnotatedPcodeUseropLibrary` now allows static methods to be marked `@PcodeUserop`. Both interpretation and JIT emulators can invoke them.
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. (GP-6131) Managers in the `Trace` API now permit operating directly on 
+  register overlay spaces, where applicable.
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. (GP-6159) Removed `PcodeUseropDefinition.execute(PcodeExecutor, PcodeUseropLibrary, Varnode, List)` 
+  in favor of one taking `PcodeOp` as well.
+* _Emulator_. (GP-4241) Converted each now-deprecated `XxxEmulateInstructionStateModifer` to a 
+  `XxxPcodeUseropLibraryFactory`.
+* _Emulator_. (GP-6158) `AnnotatedPcodeUseropLibrary` now allows static methods to be marked 
+  `@PcodeUserop`. Both interpretation and JIT emulators can invoke them.
 * _Emulator_. (GP-6234) Deprecated `EmulatorHelper` and related.
-* _GUI_. (GP-6451) Added a `modify()` method to the Annotation class so clients can perform their own annotation transformations.
-* _Project_. (GP-6402) Overhauled GhidraURL utility class which now uses URI to generate URLs to ensure that proper encoding and decoding is performed.  Added `GhidaURL.resolve` method which simplifies creating a new Ghidra URL derived from another Ghidra URL to the same project or repository.
-* _Search_. (GP-6261) Various classes related to searching memory for byte patterns have been changed to use generics to make them generally more useful.
-* _Search_. (GP-6309) `SequenceSearchState` is renamed to `BulkPatternSearcher` and its API has changed. Also, it and related classes have been changed to use generics and support different kinds of patterns.
+* _GUI_. (GP-6451) Added a `modify()` method to the Annotation class so clients can perform their own 
+  annotation transformations.
+* _Project_. (GP-6402) Overhauled GhidraURL utility class which now uses URI to generate URLs to 
+  ensure that proper encoding and decoding is performed.  Added `GhidaURL.resolve` method which 
+  simplifies creating a new Ghidra URL derived from another Ghidra URL to the same project or 
+  repository.
+* _Search_. (GP-6261) Various classes related to searching memory for byte patterns have been 
+  changed to use generics to make them generally more useful.
+* _Search_. (GP-6309) `SequenceSearchState` is renamed to `BulkPatternSearcher` and its API has changed. 
+  Also, it and related classes have been changed to use generics and support different kinds of 
+  patterns.
 
 # Ghidra 12.0.4 Change History (March 2026)
 
```
-----------------------------------
