# Commit: d11682d405bdf618831a637ed7458f0d5fabb5e2
## Message: Merge remote-tracking branch 'origin/GP-5496_ryanmkurtz_headless-markdown'
## Diff:
```
diff --git a/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/Common/support/analyzeHeadlessREADME.html b/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/Common/support/analyzeHeadlessREADME.html
deleted file mode 100644
index 429a2775d46..00000000000
--- a/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/Common/support/analyzeHeadlessREADME.html
+++ /dev/null
@@ -1,1445 +0,0 @@
-<!DOCTYPE doctype PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Frameset//EN">
-
-<!-- Keep pre text from wrapping so that it is formatted exactly as we have it -->
-<style>
-pre {
-    white-space: no-wrap;
-    font-family: 'Courier New', 'Courier';
-}
-
-typewriter {
-	font-family: 'Courier New', 'Courier';
-}
-
-/* Make the general text a bit more readable */
-body { 
-	font-size: 20px;
-}
-</style>
-
-<html> 
-<head>
-<title>Headless Analyzer README</title>
-</head>
-
-<body>
-<h1 align="center">Headless Analyzer README</h1>
-
-<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
-<UL>
-  <LI><a href="#general">Introduction</a></LI>
-  <LI><a href="#usage">Usage</a></LI>
-  <LI><a href="#examples">Examples</a></LI>
-  <LI><a href="#scripting">Writing Scripts for the Headless Analyzer</a></LI>
-  <UL>
-    <LI><a href="#scripting_passArgs">Passing Parameters using arguments</LI>
-    <LI><a href="#scripting_passParams">Passing Parameters using ask<i>Xxx</i>() methods</a></LI>
-    <LI><a href="#scripting_headlessScripts">Headless Scripts</a></LI>
-    <UL>
-      <LI><a href="#scripting_headlessScripts_enableDisableAnalysis">Enabling/Disabling Analysis</a></LI>
-      <LI><a href="#scripting_headlessScripts_setImportDir">Setting the Import Directory</a></LI>
-      <LI><a href="#scripting_headlessScripts_checkAnalysisTimeout">Checking for Analysis Timeout</a></LI>
-      <LI><a href="#scripting_headlessScripts_storeVariables">Headless Scripts: Passing Values Between Scripts</a></LI>
-      <LI><a href="#scripting_headlessScripts_controlProgramDisposition">Using Scripts to Control 
-      Program Disposition</a></LI>
-      <LI><a href="#scripting_headlessScripts_multipleScripts">Using Multiple Scripts to Control 
-      Program Disposition</a></LI>
-    </UL>
-  </UL>
-  <LI><a href="#wildcards">Wildcards: Specifying Files to Import or Process</a></LI>
-</UL>
-
-<div style="border-top: 4px double; margin-top: 1em; padding-top: 1em;"> </div>
-
-<h2><a name="general">Headless Analyzer Introduction and Guidelines</a></h2>
-
-<P>
-The Headless Analyzer is a command-line-based (non-GUI) version of Ghidra that allows users to:
-<UL>
-  <LI>Create and populate projects</LI>
-  <LI>Perform analysis on imported or existing binaries</LI>
-  <LI>Run non-GUI scripts in a project (scripts may be program-dependent or program-independent)</LI>
-</UL>
-The Headless Analyzer can be useful when performing repetitive tasks on a project (i.e., importing 
-and analyzing a directory of files or running a script over all the binaries in a project).
-<br><br>
-Users initiate Headless operation using the <typewriter>analyzeHeadless</typewriter> shell script. 
-The shell script takes, at a minimum, the path and name of an existing project (or one to be 
-created). When other parameters are specified, the following types of actions may be performed:
-
-<UL>
-  <LI><a href="#import">Import</a> a single file or directory of executable(s) (recursively or 
-  non-recursively).</LI>
-  <LI><a href="#process">Process</a> a single file or directory of executable(s) already present in 
-  an existing project (recursively or non-recursively).</LI>
-  <LI>Run any number of non-GUI Ghidra <a href="#preScript">pre-processing scripts</a> on each 
-  executable.</LI>
-  <LI>Turn analysis on or <a href="#noanalysis">off</a> for each executable.</LI>
-  <LI>Run any number of non-GUI Ghidra <a href="#postScript">post-processing scripts</a> on each 
-  executable.</LI>
-  <LI>Write to a <a href="#log">log</a> with information about each file processed; 
-  <a href="#scriptLog">separated logging</a> is available for scripts.</LI>
-  <LI>Keep or <a href="#deleteProject">delete</a> a created project.</LI>
-  <LI>Save any changes made to the project/file, or operate in a <a href="#readOnly">read-only</a> 
-  manner in <a href="#import"><typewriter>-import</typewriter></a> or 
-  <a href="#process"><typewriter>-process</typewriter></a> modes.</LI>
-  <LI>Use pre- and/or post-processing scripts to dictate 
-  <a href="#scripting_headlessScripts_controlProgramDisposition">program disposition</a>. For 
-  example, scripts can dictate whether further processing (i.e., analysis or other scripts) should 
-  be aborted and whether the current file should be deleted after all processing is complete.</LI>
-</UL>  
-While running, be aware that:
-<UL>
-  <LI>The Headless Analyzer may not run if the specified project is already open in Ghidra.</LI>
-  <LI>In bulk import mode (i.e., specifying a directory, <typewriter>-import dirOfExes</typewriter>, 
-  or wildcard string, <typewriter>-import dir1/*</typewriter>), any file beginning with the character 
-  &quot;.&quot; is assumed to be a hidden file and ignored by default. However, when a file beginning 
-  with &quot;.&quot; is named during import (for example, <typewriter>import /Users/user/.hidden.exe</typewriter>), 
-  the Headless Analyzer will attempt to import it.
-  <LI>Log files can only be redirected if Log4J is used.</LI>
-</UL>
-</P>
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-
-<div style="border-top: 4px double; margin-top: 1em; padding-top: 1em;"> </div>
-
-<h2><a name="usage">Headless Analyzer Usage</a></h2>
-The Headless Analyzer uses the command-line parameters discussed below. See <a href="#examples">Examples</a> for common use cases.
-
-<PRE>
-
-    analyzeHeadless <a href="#projLocation">&lt;project_location&gt;</a> &lt;<a href="#projName">project_name&gt;[/&lt;folder_path&gt;]</a> | <a href="#ghidraServer">ghidra://&lt;server&gt;[:&lt;port&gt;]/&lt;repository_name&gt;[/&lt;folder_path&gt;]</a>
-        [[<a href="#import">-import [&lt;directory&gt;|&lt;file&gt;]+</a>] | [<a href="#process">-process [&lt;project_file&gt;]]</a>]
-        [<a href="#preScript">-preScript &lt;ScriptName&gt;&nbsp;[&lt;arg&gt;]*</a>]
-        [<a href="#postScript">-postScript &lt;ScriptName&gt;&nbsp[&lt;arg&gt;]*</a>]
-        [<a href="#scriptPath">-scriptPath &quot;&lt;path1&gt;[;&lt;path2&gt;...]&quot;</a>]
-        [<a href="#propertiesPath">-propertiesPath &quot;&lt;path1&gt;[;&lt;path2&gt;...]&quot;</a>]
-        [<a href="#scriptLog">-scriptlog &lt;path to script log file&gt;</a>]
-        [<a href="#log">-log &lt;path to log file&gt;</a>]
-        [<a href="#overwrite">-overwrite</a>]
-        [<a href="#recursive">-recursive [&lt;depth&gt;]</a>]
-        [<a href="#readOnly">-readOnly</a>]
-        [<a href="#deleteProject">-deleteProject</a>]
-        [<a href="#noanalysis">-noanalysis</a>]
-        [<a href="#processor">-processor &lt;languageID&gt;</a>]
-        [<a href="#cspec">-cspec &lt;compilerSpecID&gt;</a>]
-        [<a href="#timeout">-analysisTimeoutPerFile &lt;timeout in seconds&gt;</a>]
-        [<a href="#keystore">-keystore &lt;KeystorePath&gt;</a>]
-        [<a href="#connect">-connect [&lt;userID&gt;]</a>]
-        [<a href="#password">-p</a>]
-        [<a href="#commit">-commit [&quot;&lt;comment&gt;&quot;]</a>]
-        [<a href="#okToDelete">-okToDelete</a>]
-        [<a href="#max-cpu">-max-cpu &lt;max cpu cores to use&gt;</a>]
-        [<a href="#librarySearchPaths">-librarySearchPaths &lt;path1&gt;[;&lt;path2&gt;...]</a>]
-        [<a href="#loader">-loader &lt;desired loader name&gt;</a>]
-        [<a href="#loader">-loader-&lt;loader argument name&gt; &lt;loader argument value&gt;</a>]
-
-</PRE>
-
-<UL>
-    <LI>
-    <a name="projLocation"><typewriter>&lt;project_location&gt;</typewriter></a><br>The directory 
-    that either contains an existing Ghidra project (in -import or -process mode) or will contain a 
-    newly created project (in -import mode for a local project).
-    <br>
-    <i><b>You must specify either a project location and project name, or a Ghidra Server repository URL.</b> 
-       </br></br>
-        Some parameters will have no effect, depending on which project_location is specified.  The following table shows parameters that are specific to project_location:
-    </i>
-    </LI>
-    
-    <br>
-
-    <table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">
-        <tr>
-            <th>Parameter</th>
-            <th>Local Project</th> 
-            <th>Server Repository</th>
-        </tr>
-        <tr>
-            <td>-p</td>
-            <td></td>
-            <td>X</td>
-        </tr>
-        <tr>
-            <td>- connect</td>
-            <td></td>
-            <td>X</td>
-        </tr>
-        <tr>
-            <td>- keystore</td>
-            <td></td>
-            <td>X</td>
-        </tr>
-        <tr>
-            <td>- commit</td>
-            <td></td>
-            <td>X</td>
-        </tr>
-        <tr>
-            <td>- delete</td>
-            <td>X</td>
-            <td></td>
-        </tr>
-    </table>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="projName"><typewriter>&lt;project_name&gt;[/&lt;folder_path&gt;]</typewriter></a><br>
-    The name of either an existing project (in <typewriter>-import</typewriter> or 
-    <typewriter>-process</typewriter> mode) or new project (in <typewriter>-import</typewriter> mode) 
-    to be created in the above directory. If the optional folder path is included, imports will be 
-    rooted under this project folder. In <typewriter>-import</typewriter> mode with 
-    <typewriter>-recursive</typewriter> enabled, any folders in the folder path that do not already 
-    exist in the project will be created (even if nested).
-    <br>
-    <i><b>You must specify either a project location and project name, or a Ghidra Server repository URL.</b></i>
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="ghidraServer"><typewriter>ghidra://&lt;server&gt;[:&lt;port&gt;]/&lt;repository_name&gt;[/&lt;folder_path&gt;]</typewriter></a>
-    <br>A Ghidra Server repository URL (shared Ghidra Server project) and folder path. Using the 
-    repository URL eliminates the need for a local shared Ghidra project; however, the named 
-    repository must already exist on the Ghidra Server. If the specified repository does not already 
-    exist, it will not be created (see the <typewriter>GhidraProject</typewriter> class for a simple 
-    API that allows shared project creation from within a script).<br><br>If the optional folder 
-    path is included, imports will be rooted under this folder (in <typewriter>-import</typewriter> 
-    mode, folders will be created if they don&apos;t already exist).
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="import"><typewriter>-import [&lt;directory&gt;|&lt;file&gt;]+</typewriter></a><br>
-    <i>Note: <typewriter>-import</typewriter> and <typewriter>-process</typewriter> can not both be 
-    present in the parameters list.</i>
-    <br><br>
-    Specifies one or more executables (or directories of executables) to import. When importing a 
-    directory or supported container format, a folder with the same name will be created in the 
-    Ghidra project. When using the <typewriter>-recursive</typewriter> parameter, each executable 
-    that is found in a recursive search through the given directory or container file will be 
-    stored in the project in the same relative location (i.e., any directories found under the 
-    import directory will also be created in the project).
-    <br><br>
-    Operating system-specific wildcard characters can be used when importing files and/or directories. 
-    Please see the <a href="#wildcards">Wildcards</a> section for more details.
-    <br><br>
-    When importing multiple executables/directories in the same session, use one of the following 
-    methods:
-
-      <UL>
-        <LI>List multiple directories and/or executables after the <typewriter>-import</typewriter> 
-        option, separated by a space.</LI>
-  	    <PRE>
-  -import /Users/myDir/peFiles /Users/myDir/otherFiles/test.exe
-  	    </PRE>
-  	    <LI>Repeat the <typewriter>-import</typewriter> option multiple times (each use of 
-        <typewriter>-import</typewriter> may be separated by other parameters) to import from more 
-        than one directory or file source.</LI>
-        <PRE>
-  -import /Users/myDir/peFiles -recursive -import /Users/myDir/otherFiles/test.exe
-        </PRE>
-      </UL>
-    </LI>
-    
-    <LI>
-    <a name="process"><typewriter>-process [&lt;project_file&gt;]</typewriter></a><br>
-    <i>Note: <typewriter>-import</typewriter> and <typewriter>-process</typewriter> can not both be 
-    present in the parameters list.</i>
-    <br><br>
-    Performs processing (running pre/post-scripts and/or analysis) on one or more program files
-    that already exist in the project or repository. Use the optional <typewriter>project_file</typewriter> 
-    argument to specify an existing file by name.  Searching will be performed within the specified project folder 
-    (specified by <typewriter>folder_path</typewriter>, which was 
-    included with the <a href="#projName">project_name</a> or <a href="#ghidraServer">repository URL</a> 
-    specification). Omit the <typewriter>project_file</typewriter> argument to allow processing over 
-    all files within the project folder.
-    <br><br>
-    You can also use the wildcard characters &apos;<typewriter>*</typewriter>&apos; and 
-    &apos;<typewriter>?</typewriter>&apos; in the <typewriter>project_file</typewriter> parameter 
-    to specify all files within a folder which match the pattern. To prevent premature expansion (by the shell) of any wildcard 
-    characters, use single quotes around the <typewriter>project_file</typewriter>. For example:
-    <PRE>
-    -process &apos;*.exe&apos;
-    </PRE>
-    For further details on wildcard usage, please see the <a href="#wildcards">Wildcards</a> section below.
-    <br><br>
-    Omitting the optional <typewriter>project_file</typewriter> argument will cause all files to be processed
-    within the project folder (equivelent to &apos;*&apos;).
-    <br><br>
-    Including the <a href="#recursive"><typewriter>-recursive</typewriter></a> parameter will cause the same 
-    project file name/pattern search to be performed recursively within all sub-folders.  
-    <br><br>
-    Unlike the <a href="#import"><typewriter>-import</typewriter></a> option, 
-    <typewriter>-process</typewriter> may only be specified once.
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-    
-    <LI>
-    <a name="preScript"><typewriter>-preScript &lt;ScriptName.ext&gt;&nbsp[&lt;arg&gt;]*</typewriter>
-    </a><br>Identifies the name of a script that will execute before analysis, and an optional list 
-    of arguments to pass to the script. The script name must include its file extension (i.e., 
-    <typewriter>MyScript.java</typewriter>).
-    <br><br>
-    <B><I>This parameter expects the script name only; do not include the path to the script.</I></B> The
-    Headless Analyzer searches specific default locations for the named script, but additional script 
-    director(ies) may also be specified (see the <a href="#scriptPath"><typewriter>-scriptPath</typewriter>
-    </a> argument for more information).
-    <br><br>
-    This option must be repeated to specify additional scripts. See the <a href="#scripting">Scripting
-    </a> section for a description of advanced scripting capabilities.
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="postScript"><typewriter>-postScript &lt;ScriptName.ext&gt;&nbsp[&lt;arg&gt;]*</typewriter></a><br>
-    Identifies the name of a script that will execute after analysis, and an optional list 
-    of arguments to pass to the script. The script name must include its file extension (i.e., 
-    <typewriter>MyScript.java</typewriter>).
-    <br><br>
-    <B><I>This parameter expects the script name only; do not include the path to the script.</I></B> The
-    Headless Analyzer searches specific default locations for the named script, but additional script 
-    director(ies) may also be specified (see the <a href="#scriptPath"><typewriter>-scriptPath</typewriter>
-    </a> argument for more information).
-    <br><br>
-    This option must be repeated to specify additional scripts. See the <a href="#scripting">Scripting</a> 
-    section for a description of advanced scripting capabilities.
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="scriptPath"><typewriter>-scriptPath &quot;&lt;path1&gt;[;&lt;path2&gt;...]&quot;</typewriter></a>
-    <br>Specifies the search path(s) for scripts, including secondary scripts (a script invoked from 
-    another script). A path may start with <typewriter>$GHIDRA_HOME</typewriter>, which corresponds 
-    to the Ghidra installation directory, or <typewriter>$USER_HOME</typewriter>, which corresponds 
-    to the user&apos;s home directory. On Unix systems, these home variables must be escaped using a 
-    &apos;<typewriter>\</typewriter>&apos; (backslash) character.
-    <br><br>
-    Examples:
-    
-      <UL>
-        <LI>
-        Windows:
-        <PRE>    -scriptPath &quot;$GHIDRA_HOME/Ghidra/Features/Base/ghidra_scripts;/myscripts&quot;</PRE>
-        </LI>
-
-        <LI>
-        Unix:
-        <PRE>    -scriptPath &quot;\$GHIDRA_HOME/Ghidra/Features/Base/ghidra_scripts;/myscripts&quot;</PRE>
-        </LI>
-      </UL>
-    </LI>
-	The <typewriter>scriptPath</typewriter> parameter is optional. If it is not present, the 
-	Headless Analyzer will search the following paths for the specified script(s):
-    <br>
-      <UL>
-        <LI><typewriter>$USER_HOME/ghidra_scripts</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI>All <typewriter>ghidra_script</typewriter> subdirectories that exist in the Ghidra distribution</LI>
-	  </UL>
-    <br><br>
-    
-    <LI>
-    <a name="propertiesPath"><typewriter>-propertiesPath &quot;&lt;path1&gt;[;&lt;path2&gt;&hellip;]&quot;</typewriter></a>
-    <br>Specifies path(s) that contain <typewriter>.properties</typewriter> files used by scripts or 
-    secondary/subscripts. A path may start with <typewriter>$GHIDRA_HOME</typewriter>, which 
-    corresponds to the Ghidra installation directory, or <typewriter>$USER_HOME</typewriter>, which 
-    corresponds to the user&apos;s home directory. On Unix systems these home variables must be 
-    escaped with a &apos;\&apos; character.
-    <br><br>
-    More information on the use of <typewriter>.properties</typewriter> files to pass parameters 
-    during Headless Analysis can be found <a href="#scripting_passParams">here</a>.
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="scriptLog"><typewriter>-scriptlog &lt;path to script log file&gt;</typewriter></a><br>
-    Sets the location of the file that stores logging information from pre- and post-scripts. If a 
-    path to a script log file is not set, script logs are written to <typewriter>script.log</typewriter> 
-    in the user directory, by default.
-    <br><br>
-    Note: Only the built-in scripting print methods will print to the
-    script log file (<typewriter>print</typewriter>,
-    <typewriter>println</typewriter>, <typewriter>printf</typewriter>,
-    <typewriter>printerr</typewriter>).
-    <br><br>Also note that in Python scripts, <typewriter>print</typewriter>
-    writes to <typewriter>stdout</typewriter>.  To write to the log from
-    Python, use <typewriter>println</typewriter> instead.
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="log"><typewriter>-log &lt;path to log file&gt;</typewriter></a><br>
-    Sets the location of the file that stores logging information from analysis or other non-script 
-    processing of the files. If a path to a log file is not set, logging information is written to 
-    <typewriter>application.log</typewriter> in the user directory, by default.
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI><a name="overwrite"><typewriter>-overwrite</typewriter></a><br>
-    Applies to <a href="#import"><typewriter>-import</typewriter></a> mode only and is ignored if 
-    the <typewriter>-readOnly</typewriter> option is present.
-    If present, an existing project file that conflicts with an import file is overwritten. If this 
-    parameter is not included, import files that conflict with existing project files will be skipped
-    (if not operating with the <typewriter>-readOnly</typewriter> option).
-    If a conflicting file is contained within a version repository, and the <typewriter>-commit</typewriter>
-    option has not been specified, the overwrite will fail.  Removing a versioned file is also subject
-    to other permission and in-use restrictions which could also cause an overwrite failure.
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="recursive"><typewriter>-recursive [&lt;depth&gt;]</typewriter></a><br>
-    If present, enables recursive descent into directories and project sub-folders when a directory/
-    folder has been specified in <typewriter>-import</typewriter> or <typewriter>-process</typewriter> 
-    modes.
-    <br><br>
-    Specifying a positive integer value for the optional <typewriter>&lt;depth&gt;</typewriter>
-    argument enables recursive descent into supported container files (e.g., zip, tar, .a, etc).
-    The depth value only applies to nested container files. Intermediate directories found within 
-    each nested container file are not affected by the specified depth value.  If a depth value is
-    not specified, it will default to 0 if importing a directory, and 1 if importing a file.  A
-    depth of 0 will prevent recursing into any container files.
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="readOnly"><typewriter>-readOnly</typewriter></a><br>
-    If present in <typewriter>-import</typewriter> mode, imported files will NOT be saved to the 
-    project. If present in <typewriter>-process</typewriter> mode, any changes made to existing 
-    files by scripts or analysis are discarded.  When processing a shared project or URL associated 
-    with a read-only repository, such files will be skipped unless this option is specified.
-    The <typewriter>-overwrite</typewriter> option will be ignored if this option is specified 
-    during import operations.
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-    
-    <LI>
-    <a name="deleteProject"><typewriter>-deleteProject</typewriter></a><br>
-    If present, the Ghidra project will be deleted after scripts and/or analysis have completed 
-    (only applies if the project has been created in the current session with 
-    <a href="#import"><typewriter>-import</typewriter></a>; existing projects are never deleted).
-    This project delete option is assumed when the <typewriter>-readOnly</typewriter> option is specified 
-    for import operations which create a new project.
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="noanalysis"><typewriter>-noanalysis</typewriter></a><br>
-    If present, executables will not be analyzed (auto-analysis occurs by default).
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-    
-    <LI>
-    <a name="processor"><typewriter>-processor &lt;languageID&gt;</typewriter></a><br>
-    Specifies the processor information to be used in <a href="#import"><typewriter>-import</typewriter></a> 
-    mode (and subsequent analysis, if analysis is enabled). Be sure to use quotes around the 
-    <typewriter>languageId</typewriter> if it contains spaces. If this parameter is not present, 
-    Ghidra uses header info (if available) to identify the processor.
-    <br><br>
-    The possible <i>languageIDs</i> can be found in the 
-    processor-specific <typewriter>.ldefs</typewriter> files (found here: 
-    <typewriter>ghidra_x.x\Ghidra\Processors\<i>proc_name</i>\data\languages\*.ldefs</typewriter>)
-    in the <typewriter>id</typewriter> attribute of the <typewriter>language</typewriter> element.
-    The specified &lt;languageID&gt; should match exactly, including case, as it appears in the <typewriter>.ldefs</typewriter> file.
-    <br><br>
-    For example:
-    <PRE>
-    &lt;language processor=&quot;x86&quot;
-              endian=&quot;little&quot;
-              size=&quot;32&quot;
-              variant=&quot;default&quot;
-              version=&quot;2.6&quot;
-              slafile=&quot;x86.sla&quot;
-              processorspec=&quot;x86.pspec&quot;
-              manualindexfile=&quot;../manuals/x86.idx&quot;
-              <b>id=&quot;x86:LE:32:default&quot;</b>&gt;
-    </PRE>
-    
-    <I>Note: The <typewriter>-processor</typewriter> parameter may be used without specifying the 
-    <a href="#cspec"><typewriter>-cspec</typewriter></a> parameter (if the given processor is valid, 
-    the Headless Analyzer chooses the default compiler specification for that processor).</I>
-    </LI>
-
-	<br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="cspec"><typewriter>-cspec &lt;compilerSpecID&gt;</typewriter></a><br>
-    Specifies the compiler specification to be used in <a href="#import"><typewriter>-import</typewriter></a> 
-    mode (and subsequent analysis, if analysis is enabled).
-    <br><br>
-    The possible compilerSpecIDs can be found in the processor-specific <typewriter>.ldefs</typewriter> 
-    files (found here: <typewriter>ghidra_x.x\Ghidra\Processors\<i>proc_name</i>\data\languages\*.ldefs</typewriter>) 
-    in the <typewriter>id</typewriter> attribute of the appropriate <typewriter>compiler</typewriter> element.
-    The specified &lt;compilerSpecID&gt; should match exactly, including case, as it appears in the <typewriter>.ldefs</typewriter> file.
-    
-    <br><br>
-    For example:
-    <PRE>
-    &lt;compiler name=&quot;Visual Studio&quot; spec=&quot;x86win.cspec&quot; <b>id=&quot;windows&quot;</b>/&gt;
-    &lt;compiler name=&quot;gcc&quot; spec=&quot;x86gcc.cspec&quot; <b>id=&quot;gcc&quot;</b>/&gt;
-    &lt;compiler name=&quot;Borland C++&quot; spec=&quot;x86borland.cspec&quot; <b>id=&quot;borlandcpp&quot;</b>/&gt;
-    </PRE>
-    
-    <I>Note: The <typewriter>-cspec</typewriter> parameter may <b>not</b> be used without specifying the 
-    <a href="#processor"><typewriter>-processor</typewriter></a> parameter.</I>
-    </LI>
-    
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="timeout"><typewriter>-analysisTimeoutPerFile &lt;timeout in seconds&gt;</typewriter></a><br>
-    Sets a timeout value (in seconds) for analysis. If analysis on a file exceeds the specified time, 
-    analysis is interrupted and processing continues as scheduled (i.e., to the 
-    <a href="#postScript"><typewriter>-postScript</typewriter></a> stage, if specified). Results 
-    from individual analyzers that have completed processing prior to timeout will still be saved 
-    with the program. Post-scripts can be used to detect that analysis has timed out (in Headless 
-    processing ONLY) by calling the <typewriter>getHeadlessAnalysisTimeoutStatus()</typewriter> method. 
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="keystore"><typewriter>-keystore &lt;KeystorePath&gt;</typewriter></a><br>
-    When connecting to a Ghidra Server using PKI or SSH authentication, this option allows 
-    specification of a suitable private keystore file. The keystore file should always be properly 
-    protected with filesystem protections. Since SSH authentication is intended for batch operations, 
-    we do not support password protected SSH keys. However, we do support password prompting for 
-    PKI authentication. <br>
-    <a href="#authentication">See here for more information regarding which authentication method to use</a>
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="connect"><typewriter>-connect &lt;userID&gt;</typewriter></a><br>
-    If used, allows the process owner's default userID to be overridden with the given 
-    <typewriter>userID</typewriter> when connecting to a Ghidra Server. In order to use this parameter, 
-    the server must be configured to allow a non-default username (see <a href="../server/svrREADME.html#serverConfig">Ghidra Server Configuration</a> <b>-u</b> option).
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="password"><typewriter>-p</typewriter></a><br>
-	This option may be specified to allow for interactive password prompting when either a specified
-	PKI keystore is password protected or the Ghidra Server requires password authentication. 
-	This option should not be used during batch operations where a user will be unable to enter a 
-	password. <b>If the terminal in use is unable to suppress echoing an entered password, a warning will be 
-	issued with the prompt, and the entered password will be echoed to the terminal. Use of this option
-	is discouraged when such a warning occurs. </b><br>
-	<a href="#authentication">See here for more information regarding which authentication method to use</a>
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="commit"><typewriter>-commit [&quot;&lt;comment&gt;&quot;]</typewriter></a><br>
-    When connected to a shared project, enables a commit of changes to the project&apos;s underlying 
-    repository (residing on the Ghidra Server). Commits are enabled by default for shared projects; 
-    however, the optional quoted <typewriter>comment</typewriter> may be specified and will be saved 
-    with all commits. Commits do not apply when the <a href="#readOnly"><typewriter>-readOnly</typewriter></a> 
-    parameter is present.
-    </LI>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-	<LI>
-	<a name="okToDelete"><typewriter>-okToDelete</typewriter></a><br>
-	When using Headless Scripts to control <a href="#scripting_headlessScripts_controlProgramDisposition">
-	program disposition</a> in <a href="#process"><typewriter>-process</typewriter></a> mode, it is 
-	possible to delete existing programs in a project. These deletions are permanent and can not be
-	undone (in a versioned project, all versions of a program are deleted). To ensure that programs
-	are not deleted irretrievably without the user&apos;s knowledge, Headless operation requires the
-	<typewriter>-okToDelete</typewriter> parameter to be set if a program is to be deleted in 
-	<typewriter>-process</typewriter> mode. If a program is scheduled to be deleted and 
-	<typewriter>-okToDelete</typewriter> has not been set, Headless will print a warning and the
-	program will not be deleted.
-	<br><br>
-	The <typewriter>-okToDelete</typewriter> parameter is not necessary when running in 
-	<a href="#import"><typewriter>-import</typewriter></a> mode. If a HeadlessScripts schedules
-	deletion of one of the programs being imported, the program will simply not be saved to the 
-	project.
-	</LI>
-	
-	<br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="max-cpu"><typewriter>-max-cpu &lt;max cpu cores to use&gt;</typewriter></a><br>
-    Sets the maximum number of CPU cores to use during headless processing (must be an integer). 
-    Setting <typewriter>max-cpu</typewriter> to 0 or a negative integer is equivalent to setting 
-    the maximum number of cores to 1.
-    </LI>
-    
-	<br><br>
-	
-	<LI>
-	<a name="librarySearchPaths"><typewriter>-librarySearchPaths &lt;path1&gt;[;&lt;path2&gt;...]</typewriter></a><br>
-	Specifies an ordered list of library search paths to use during import instead of the default. 
-	Search paths may be either full system paths or "FSRLs".
-	</LI>
-	
-	<br><br>
-
-    <LI>
-    <a name="loader"><typewriter>-loader &lt;desired loader name&gt;</typewriter></a><br>
-    Forces the file to be imported using a specific loader.  <br><br>
-    Loaders can take additional arguments that they apply during the import process.  
-    Below is a list of the most commonly used loaders and their arguments.<br>
-    <b>Note: </b>Full java package loader paths are no longer recognized.<br><br>
-    <UL>
-      <LI><typewriter>-loader BinaryLoader<typewriter></LI>
-      <UL>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-blockName &lt;block name&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-baseAddr &lt;base address<sup>1</sup>&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-fileOffset &lt;file offset<sup>2</sup>&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-length &lt;length in bytes<sup>2</sup>&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-applyLabels &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-anchorLabels &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-      </UL>
-      <LI><typewriter>-loader ElfLoader<typewriter></LI>
-      <UL>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-applyLabels &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-anchorLabels &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-linkExistingProjectLibraries &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-projectLibrarySearchFolder &lt;project path&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-loadLibraries &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-libraryLoadDepth &lt;depth&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-libraryDestinationFolder &lt;project path&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-applyRelocations &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-applyUndefinedData &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-imagebase &lt;imagebase<sup>3</sup>&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-dataImageBase &lt;dataImageBase<sup>4</sup>&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-includeOtherBlocks &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-maxSegmentDiscardSize &lt;0..255&gt; (default: 255)</typewriter></LI>
-      </UL>
-      <LI><typewriter>-loader PeLoader<typewriter></LI>
-      <UL>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-applyLabels &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-anchorLabels &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-linkExistingProjectLibraries &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-projectLibrarySearchFolder &lt;project path&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-loadLibraries &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-libraryLoadDepth &lt;depth&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-libraryDestinationFolder &lt;project path&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-ordinalLookup &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-parseCliHeaders &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-showDebugLineNumbers &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI> 
-      </UL>
-      <LI><typewriter>-loader MachoLoader<typewriter></LI>
-      <UL>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-applyLabels &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-anchorLabels &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-linkExistingProjectLibraries &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-projectLibrarySearchFolder &lt;project path&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-loadLibraries &lt;true|false&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-libraryLoadDepth &lt;depth&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-        <LI><typewriter>-loader-libraryDestinationFolder &lt;project path&gt;</typewriter></LI>
-      </UL>
-    </UL>
-    <br>
-    <sup>1</sup>Address must be in the form [space:]offset.  Space is optional, and offset is a hex value with no leading 0x.<br>
-    <sup>2</sup>To specify hexadecimal, use a leading 0x.<br>
-    <sup>3</sup>Base address is in the default space and must be specified as a hexadecimal value without the leading 0x.<br>
-    <sup>4</sup>Base address is in the default data space and must be specified as a hexadecimal value without the leading 0x.
-    This option only applies to Harvard Architecture processors when loading relocatable ELF binaries (i.e., object modules).<br>
-    </LI>
-
-</UL>
-</P>
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-<div style="border-top: 4px double; margin-top: 1em; padding-top: 1em;"> </div>
-
-<h2><a name="authentication">Headless Analyzer Authentication</a></h2>
-Use this table to figure out which authentication option to use with the Headless Analyzer, based on your Ghidra Server's 
-method of authentication, and the type of analysis operation you are performing.
-<P>        
-    <table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">
-    		<tr>
-    			<th rowspan="2">Type of Operation</th>
-    			<th colspan="5">Authentication Method</th>
-            </tr>
-	        <tr>
-	            <th>SSH Without Password*</th>
-	            <th>SSH With Password</th> 
-	            <th>PKI Without Password</th>
-	            <th>PKI With Password</th>
-	            <th>Username/Password</th>
-	        </tr>
-	        <tr>
-	            <th>Interactive <br> Command Line</th>
-	            <td><a href="#keystore">- keystore</a></td>
-	            <td>Not Supported</td>
-	            <td><a href="#keystore">- keystore</a></td>
-	            <td><a href="#keystore">- keystore</a> <br>and<br> <a href="#password">- p</a></td>
-	            <td><a href="#password">- p</a></td>
-	        </tr>
-	        <tr>
-	            <th>Batch/Script Use</th>
-	            <td><a href="#keystore">- keystore</a></td>
-	            <td>Not Supported</td>
-	            <td><a href="#keystore">- keystore</a></td>
-	            <td>Not Supported</td>
-	            <td>Not Supported</td>
-	        </tr>
-    </table>
-
-	<br>
-	*NOTE: The use of OpenSSH keys are not supported. The following command can be used to generate
-	a suitable SSH key while avoiding the unsupported OpenSSH format: <i>ssh-keygen -b 2048 -t rsa -m pem</i>
-    <br>   	
-</P>
-
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-<div style="border-top: 4px double; margin-top: 1em; padding-top: 1em;"> </div>
-
-<h2><a name="examples">Headless Analyzer Examples</a></h2>
-<P>
-<UL>
-    <LI>Import a binary <typewriter>/binaries/binary1.exe</typewriter> to a local Ghidra Project named 
-    <typewriter>Project1</typewriter>. Analysis is on by default.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1 -import /binaries/binary1.exe</PRE>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>Import all <typewriter>*.exe</typewriter> binaries from a local folder to a local Ghidra 
-    project named <typewriter>Project1</typewriter>, suppressing analysis.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1 -import /Users/user/sourceFiles/*.exe -noanalysis</PRE>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>Import the binary <typewriter>/usr/local/binaries/binaryA.exe</typewriter> to a subfolder of a 
-    local Ghidra Project, running a prescript, but suppressing analysis.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1/folderOne -scriptPath /usr/scripts -preScript RunThisScriptFirst.java -import /usr/local/binaries/binaryA.exe -noanalysis</PRE>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>Import the binary <typewriter>/usr/local/binaries/binaryB.exe</typewriter> to a local Ghidra 
-    Project, running a prescript that depends on a .properties file in the location 
-    <typewriter>/propertiesLocation</typewriter>. Analysis is on by default.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1 -scriptPath /usr/scripts -preScript RunThisScriptFirst.java -propertiesPath /propertiesLocation -import /usr/local/binaries/binaryB.exe</PRE>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>Specify more than one import to a local project, running more than one script and performing analysis.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/Projects Project1/folderOne -scriptPath /usr/scripts -preScript RunThisScriptFirst.java -preScript RunThisScriptSecond.java -import /usr/local/binaries/binaryA.exe /user/local/morebinaries -postScript RunThisScriptLast.java
-  
-     OR
-  
-analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/Projects Project1/folderOne -scriptPath /usr/scripts -preScript RunThisScriptFirst.java -preScript RunThisScriptSecond.java -import /usr/local/binaries/binaryA.exe -postScript RunThisScriptLast.java -import /user/local/morebinaries </PRE>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>Run a script on an existing project binary <typewriter>importedBinA.exe</typewriter> in the folder 
-    <typewriter>folderOne</typewriter> of the existing project named <typewriter>Project1</typewriter>.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/Projects Project1/folderOne -scriptPath /user/scripts -postScript FixupScript.java -process importedBinA.exe -noanalysis</PRE>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>Recursively run scripts and analysis over all the binaries in the folder <typewriter>folderTwo</typewriter> 
-    of the existing project named <typewriter>Project2</typewriter>.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/Projects Project2/folderTwo -scriptPath /user/scripts -preScript FixupPreScript.java -process -recursive</PRE>
-
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>Run a script and analysis on binaries starting with the letter <typewriter>&apos;a&apos;</typewriter> 
-    in the folder <typewriter>aFolder</typewriter> 
-    (and any of its subfolders) in the existing projected named <typewriter>Project1</typewriter>.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/Projects Project1/aFolder -scriptPath /user/scripts -preScript ProcessAScript.java -process &apos;a*&apos; -recursive</PRE>
-
-    <br><br>
-  
-    <LI>Recursively import the directory<typewriter>/usr/local/binaries</typewriter> to a Ghidra Server, 
-    running a prescript and analysis. Commit changes with the specified comment. Server prompts for a 
-    password for the user named <typewriter>userID</typewriter>.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless ghidra://example.server.org:13100/RepositoryName/RootFolder -scriptPath /usr/scripts/ -preScript RunThisScriptFirst.java -import /usr/local/binaries -recursive -connect userID -p -commit &quot;Testing server imports.&quot;</PRE>
-  
-    <br><br>
-  
-    <LI>Change the default log location when importing and analyzing a file.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1 -import /binaries/binary1.exe -log /new/log_location.txt</PRE>
-  
-    <br><br>
-  
-    <LI>Re-import and overwrite a file that already exists in the project.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1 -import /binaries/IAlreadyExist.exe -overwrite</PRE>
-  
-    <br><br>
-  
-    <LI>Create a new project, import and analyze a file, then delete the project when done.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects ANewProject -import /binaries/binary2.exe -deleteProject</PRE>
-  
-    <br><br>
-
-    <LI>Set a timeout value, in seconds, for analysis (analysis will abort if it takes longer than the 
-    set timeout value).</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import /binaries/binary2.exe -analysisTimeoutPerFile 100</PRE>
-
-    <br><br>
-  
-    <LI>Run a script without using <typewriter>-import</typewriter> or <typewriter>-process</typewriter> modes (<b><i>Script must not be program-dependent!</i></b>).</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -preScript HelloWorldScript.java -scriptPath /my/ghidra_scripts</PRE>
-  
-    <br><br>
-  
-    <LI>Specify a language and compiler to be used when importing with analysis.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import hello.exe -processor &quot;x86:LE:32:System Management Mode&quot; -cspec default</PRE>
-  
-    <br><br>
-  
-    <LI>Import, run a script, and analyze a file, but don&apos;t allow the file to be saved to the project.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import hello.exe -preScript GetInfoScript.java -readOnly</PRE>
-    
-    <br><br>
-    
-    <LI>Import and run scripts that take their own own arguments.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import hello.exe -preScript Script.java arg1 arg2 arg3 -preScript AnotherScript.java "arg1 with spaces" arg2 </PRE>
-    
-    <br><br>
-  
-    <LI>Import a PE file as a raw binary image with a specified base address and block name.</LI>
-    <PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import hello.exe -loader BinaryLoader -loader-baseAddr 0x1000 -loader-blockName MyBlock -processor x86:LE:32:default</PRE>
-      
-    <br>
-</UL>
-</P>
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-<div style="border-top: 4px double; margin-top: 1em; padding-top: 1em;"> </div>
-
-<h2><a name="scripting">Writing Scripts for the Headless Analyzer</a></h2>
-<P>
-Many scripts that extend the <typewriter>GhidraScript</typewriter> class, and written for use with the 
-headed (GUI) version of Ghidra, can also be used during Headless operation. However, there are certain 
-GUI-specific methods that do not make sense when called during Headless operation. When a GhidraScript 
-containing one or more GUI-specific methods is run headlessly, the script will throw an 
-<typewriter>ImproperUseException</typewriter>.
-<br><br>
-A script that extends the <typewriter>HeadlessScript</typewriter> class may be used to write scripts 
-that refer to Headless-only methods. See the <a href=#scripting_headlessScripts>HeadlessScripts</a> 
-section for more detail.
-<br><br>
-Here are some general guidelines for running scripts headlessly.
-<UL>
-    <LI>If neither <typewriter>-import</typewriter> mode nor <typewriter>-process</typewriter> mode 
-    is specified in the Headless Analyzer command line arguments, only the specified pre/post-script(s) 
-    will be executed. In this case, all scripts must execute in a program-independent manner, or 
-    errors will occur. If you intend for scripts to be run against programs, please run in 
-    <typewriter>-process</typewriter> mode.</LI>
-    <LI>For each pre-/post-script group, scripts are executed in the order specified on the command line.</LI>
-    <LI>Any pre- or post-script may invoke the <typewriter>setTemporary</typewriter> method on 
-    <typewriter>currentProgram</typewriter> to prevent changes from being saved. In <a href="#import">
-    <typewriter>-import</typewriter></a> mode, the method prevents the specific import from being 
-    saved. In <a href="#process"><typewriter>-process</typewriter></a> mode, the method prevents
-    changes to the program from being saved.</LI>
-    <LI>Avoid using the script API method <typewriter>setServerCredentials</typewriter> for shared projects.</LI>
-</UL>
-</P>
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-
-<hr>
-<h3><a name="scripting_passArgs">Passing Parameters using arguments</a></h3>
-<P>
-As of Ghidra 7.2, it is possible to pass script-specific arguments directly to scripts.
-The arguments are stored in a String array and can be accessed with the following method:
-<br>
-<PRE>String[] args = getScriptArgs();</PRE>
-If running in headless mode, this array will contain the ordered list of arguments passed to the script
-on the command line (specified with <a href="#preScript">-preScript</a> or <a href="#postScript">
--postScript</a>).
-<br>
-For example, if a script was run with the following command:
-<PRE>analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import hello.exe -preScript Script.java arg1 arg2 arg3 -preScript AnotherScript.java "arg1 with spaces" arg2</PRE> 
-Then the elements of the argument array for Script.java would look like this:
-<PRE>args = {"arg1", "arg2", "arg3"}</PRE>
-and the argument array for AnotherScript.java would look like this:
-<PRE>args = {"arg1 with spaces", "arg2"}</PRE>
-
-
-<hr>
-<h3><a name="scripting_passParams">Passing Parameters using <typewriter>askXxx()</typewriter> methods</a></h3>
-<P>
-Many of the GhidraScript <typewriter>askXxx()</typewriter> methods can be run in both headless and 
-headed (GUI) modes, allowing seamless script usage between headed and headless modes. As of Ghidra 6.1, 
-the following methods can be run in both modes:
-<UL>
-    <LI><typewriter>askFile</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askDirectory</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askLanguage</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askProjectFolder</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askInt</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askLong</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askAddress</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askBytes</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askProgram</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askDomainFile</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askDouble</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askString</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askChoice</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askChoices</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI><typewriter>askYesNo</typewriter></LI>
-</UL>
-<i>Further details for each specific <typewriter>askXxx()</typewriter> method can be found in the 
-method&apos;s JavaDoc.</i>
-<br><br>
-When running headlessly, the <typewriter>askXxx()</typewriter> methods allow users to to &quot;pre-set&quot; 
-or &quot;pass in&quot; one or more values for use in scripts. Use the appropriate method to pass in
-values of certain types (i.e., file, directory, int, long).
-<br><br>
-To pass a value to a script, create a <typewriter>.properties</typewriter> file corresponding to each 
-GhidraScript that uses an <typewriter>askXxx()</typewriter> method. For example, the 
-<typewriter>.properties</typewriter> file that corresponds to a script named <typewriter>MyScript.java</typewriter>
-would share the script&apos;s basename and be called <typewriter>MyScript.properties</typewriter>. 
-By default, the Headless Analyzer assumes that the script and its <typewriter>.properties</typewriter> 
-file are both located in the same folder. If you would like the <typewriter>.properties</typewriter>
-file to be in a different location from the script, you can use the 
-<a href="#propertiesPath"><typewriter>propertiesPath</typewriter></a> parameter to specify the location 
-of the <typewriter><i>.properties</i></typewriter> file. Below is 
-an example of a GhidraScript and its <typewriter><i>.properties</i></typewriter> file. Use it for 
-reference to determine how the <typewriter><i>.properties</i></typewriter> file should be structured 
-to communicate the necessary information to the GhidraScript:
-<br><br>
-<typewriter><b><i>Script1.java</i></b></typewriter>
-<PRE>
-public class Script1 extends GhidraScript {
- 
-    @Override
-    public void run() throws Exception {
-  	
-        File userFile = askFile(&quot;Choose a file &quot;, &quot;Please choose a file: &quot;);
-        println(&quot;Chosen file: &quot; + userFile.toString());
-
-        double userDouble = askDouble(&quot;Double dialog&quot;, &quot;Please enter a double: &quot;);
-        println(&quot;Entered double: &quot; + userDouble);
-	
-        double userDouble2 = askDouble(&quot;Double dialog&quot;, &quot;Please enter another double: &quot;);
-        println(&quot;Second entered double: &quot; + userDouble2);
-
-        Address userAddress = askAddress(&quot;Address&quot;, &quot;Enter an address!&quot;);
-        println(&quot;Entered address: &quot; + userAddress.toString());
-
-        byte[] userBytes = askBytes(&quot;Asking for bytes&quot;, &quot;Put some bytes here --&quot;);
-        StringBuilder byteStr = new StringBuilder();
-        for (byte aByte : askedBytes) {
-            byteStr.append(String.format(&quot;%02X &quot;, aByte));
-        }
-        println(&quot;Bytes: &quot; + byteStr.toString().trim());
-	
-        String userString = askString(&quot;Asking for a string&quot;, &quot;Please type a string: &quot;, &quot;my default String&quot;);
-        println(&quot;Entered String: &quot; + userString);
-   
-    }
-}
-</PRE>
-
-<typewriter><i><b>Script1.properties</b></i></typewriter>
-<PRE>	  
-    # A comment line is indicated if the &apos;#&apos; or &apos;!&apos; character is the first non-whitespace character of that line.
-    # 
-    # Use a space-separated concatenation of the parameters to communicate which variable gets what value:
-    #    Format:    &lt;space-separated concatenation of parameters&gt; = &lt;value&gt;
-    #
-    # Notice that spaces at the beginning and end of parameters are removed prior to concatenation.
-    #
-    # Note that if the askXxx() method contains a "defaultValue" parameter, that parameter should not be included
-    # in the concatenation of parameters.
-
-    Choose a file Please choose a file: = /Users/username/help.exe
-    Double dialog Please enter a double: = 32.2
-    Address Enter an address! = 0x10AB34D
-    Double dialog Please enter another double: = 3.14159 
-    Asking for bytes Put some bytes here -- = AA BB CC 11 02 24
-    Asking for a string Please type a string: = STRING ABC
-
-</PRE>
-</P>
-<b>Note: </b>If <a href="#scripting_passArgs">script-specific arguments</a> have been passed into the 
-script, the <typewriter>askXxx()</typewriter> methods will consume values found in the argument array 
-rather than a <typewriter>.properties</typewriter> file.  The first <typewriter>askXxx()</typewriter> 
-method will use the first value in the array, the second <typewriter>askXxx()</typewriter> method will 
-use the second value in the array, and so on. If all of the arguments in the array have been consumed, 
-the next <typewriter>askXxx()</typewriter> will throw an <typewriter>IndexOutOfBoundsException</typewriter> 
-exception.
-<br><br>
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-<hr>
-<h3><a name="scripting_headlessScripts">HeadlessScripts</a></h3>
-
-<P>
-A script of type <typewriter>HeadlessScript</typewriter> (which extends <typewriter>GhidraScript</typewriter>) 
-can be used by any user looking for more control over the Headless Analysis process than is 
-offered using the more generic <typewriter>GhidraScript</typewriter> class. Using 
-<typewriter>HeadlessScript</typewriter>s, users are able to store variables for use by later scripts, 
-change the location of where an import will be saved, and change the disposition of a program depending 
-on script-specific conditions (i.e., save it in a different folder, delete it, turn off analysis, 
-abort further processing, etc.).
-</P>
-
-<P>
-<typewriter>HeadlessScript</typewriter>s allow the user to access certain methods that are specific 
-to the HeadlessAnalyzer. Otherwise, these types of scripts operate exactly like 
-<typewriter>GhidraScript</typewriter>s. Users should <u>only</u> use <typewriter>HeadlessScript</typewriter> 
-for headless operation. While <typewriter>HeadlessScript</typewriter>s could possibly run successfully 
-in the Ghidra GUI, an exception will be thrown if a <typewriter>HeadlessScript</typewriter>-only method 
-is called during GUI operation.
-</P>
-
-<br>
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-
-
-<hr>
-<h3><a name="scripting_headlessScripts_enableDisableAnalysis">Headless Scripts: Enabling/Disabling Analysis</a></h3>
-
-<P>
-In order to enable or disable analysis using a HeadlessScript, simply include the following line in 
-your script:
-<br>
-<PRE>
-    enableHeadlessAnalysis(true);  // turn on analysis
-
-             OR
-
-    enableHeadlessAnalysis(false);  // turn off analysis
-</PRE>
-</P>
-
-<P>
-Note that a script that includes this line should be run as a <typewriter>preScript</typewriter>, 
-since preScripts execute before analysis would typically run. Running the script as a 
-<typewriter>postScript</typewriter> is ineffective, since the stage at which analysis would have 
-happened has already passed.
-</P>
-
-<P>
-This change will persist throughout the current HeadlessAnalyzer session, unless changed again (in 
-other words, once analysis is enabled via script for one program, it will also be enabled for future 
-programs in the current session, unless changed).
-</P>
-
-<P>
-Note: To check whether analysis is currently enabled, use the following method:
-
-<PRE>
-    boolean analysisEnabled = isHeadlessAnalysisEnabled();
-</PRE>
-</P>
-    
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-<hr>
-<h3><a name="scripting_headlessScripts_setImportDir">Headless Scripts: Setting the Import Directory</a></h3>
-
-<P>
-When using <typewriter>-import mode</typewriter>, a user can change the path in the Ghidra project 
-where imported files are saved. This is done by using the following script method:
-<br>
-<PRE>
-    setHeadlessImportDirectory(&quot;path/to/new/dir&quot;);
-</PRE>
-The new path does not have to exist (it will be created if it doesn&apos;t already exist). The path 
-is also assumed to be relative to the project&apos;s root folder.
-</P>
-
-<P>
-Here are some examples assuming the Ghidra project structure looks like this:
-<PRE>	  
-    MyGhidraProject:
-        /dir1
-            /innerDir1
-            /innerDir2
-</PRE>
-<br>
-<UL>
-    <LI>
-    The following usage ensures that any files imported after the call to this method are saved 
-    in the existing <typewriter>MyGhidraProject:dir1/innerDir2</typewriter> folder:
-
-    <PRE>
-    setHeadlessImportDirectory(&quot;dir1/innerDir2&quot;);
-    </PRE>
-	</LI>
-	
-	<LI>
-    In contrast, the following usage adds new folders to the Ghidra project and saves the imported 
-    files into the newly-created path.
-
-    <PRE>
-    setHeadlessImportDirectory(&quot;dir1/innerDir2/my/folder&quot;);
-    </PRE>
-
-    changes the directory structure to:
-
-    <PRE>
-    MyGhidraProject:
-        /dir1
-            /innerDir1
-            /innerDir2
-                /my
-                    /folder
-    </PRE>
-    </LI>
-    
-    <LI>
-    Another usage example where new folders are added to the Ghidra project.
-    <PRE>
-    setHeadlessImportDirectory(&quot;dir1/newDir/saveHere&quot;);
-    </PRE>
-    This changes the directory structure to:
-    <PRE>
-    MyGhidraProject:
-        /dir1
-            /innerDir1
-            /innerDir2
-            /newDir
-                /saveHere
-    </PRE>
-</UL>
-</P>
-
-<P>
-When using this method to set the save directory for imports, whether the save succeeds may depend 
-on the state of the <a href="#overwrite"><typewriter>-overwrite</typewriter></a> parameter. For 
-example, if the new import location already exists and contains a file of the same name as the 
-current program, the current program will only be successfully saved if 
-<a href="#overwrite"><typewriter>-overwrite</typewriter></a> is enabled.
-</P>
-
-<P>
-This change in import directory will persist throughout the current HeadlessAnalyzer session, unless 
-changed again (in other words, once the import location has been changed, it will continue to be the 
-import save location for future imported programs in the current session, unless changed again).
-<br><br>
-To revert back to the default import location (that which was specified via command line), pass the 
-null object as the argument to this method:
-<PRE>
-    setHeadlessImportDirectory(null);    // Sets import save directory to default
-</PRE>
-The <typewriter>setHeadlessImportDirectory</typewriter> method is ineffective in 
-<a href="#process"><typewriter>-process</typewriter></a> mode (the program will <i>not</i> be saved 
-to a different location if this method is called when running in 
-<a href="#process"><typewriter>-process</typewriter></a> mode).
-</P>
-
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-
-<hr>
-<h3><a name="scripting_headlessScripts_checkAnalysisTimeout">Headless Scripts: Checking for Analysis Timeout</a></h3>
-
-<P>
-In the case where all of the following apply:
-<UL>
-    <LI>the user set an analysis timeout period using the 
-    <a href="#timeout"><typewriter>-analysisTimeoutPerFile</typewriter></a> parameter</LI>
-    <LI>analysis is enabled and has completed</LI>
-    <LI>the current script is being run as a postScript</LI>
-</UL>
-the user can check whether analysis timed out, using the following query method:
-<PRE>
-    boolean didTimeout = analysisTimeoutOccurred();
-</PRE>
-</P>
-
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-<hr>
-<h3><a name="scripting_headlessScripts_storeVariables">Headless Scripts: Passing Values Between Scripts</a></h3> 
-
-<P>
-If you are running multiple scripts in headless operation and would like to store a value in one script
-that is accessible by another script, use the <typewriter>HeadlessScript</typewriter> methods below.
-They facilitate the storage and retrieval of key-value pairs to/from a data structure that is available to
-any script of type <typewriter>HeadlessScript</typewriter>: 
-
-<PRE>
-    storeHeadlessValue(String key, Object value);
-    Object myObject = getStoredHeadlessValue(String key);
-    boolean containsKey = headlessStorageContainsKey(String key);
-</PRE>
-
-
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-<hr>
-<h3><a name="scripting_headlessScripts_controlProgramDisposition">Headless Scripts: Using Scripts to Control Program Disposition</a></h3>
-
-<P>
-HeadlessScripts can be used to control disposition of the program currently being imported/processed 
-(note: if running in <a href="#process"><typewriter>-process</typewriter></a> mode with 
-<a href="#readOnly"><typewriter>-readOnly</typewriter></a> enabled, programs can not be deleted, 
-even if directed by a script).
-<br><br>
-The available options to control program disposition are as follows:		  
-<UL>
-    <LI><a name="ABORT"><typewriter>HeadlessContinuationOption.ABORT</typewriter></a></LI>
-    <UL>
-      <LI>in <a href="#import"><typewriter>import</typewriter></a> mode, does not run any follow-on 
-      scripts/analysis; program is imported.</LI>
-      <LI>in <a href="#process"><typewriter>process</typewriter></a> mode, does not run any follow-on 
-      scripts/analysis; changes to the current (existing) program are saved.</LI>
-    </UL>
-    <br>
-    <LI><a name="ABORT_AND_DELETE"><typewriter>HeadlessContinuationOption.ABORT_AND_DELETE</typewriter></a></LI>
-    <UL>
-      <LI>in <a href="#import"><typewriter>import</typewriter></a> mode, does not run any follow-on 
-      scripts/analysis; program is not imported.</LI>
-      <LI>in <a href="#process"><typewriter>process</typewriter></a> mode, does not run any follow-on 
-      scripts/analysis; the current (existing) program is deleted.</LI>
-    </UL>
-    <br>
-    <LI><a name="CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE"><typewriter>HeadlessContinuationOption.CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE</typewriter></a></LI>
-    <UL>
-      <LI>in <a href="#import"><typewriter>import</typewriter></a> mode, continues to run any follow-on 
-      scripts/analysis; program is not imported.</LI>
-      <LI>in <a href="#process"><typewriter>process</typewriter></a> mode, continues to run any follow-on 
-      scripts/analysis; the current (existing) program is deleted after processing is complete.</LI>
-    </UL>
-    <br>
-    <LI><a name="CONTINUE"><typewriter>HeadlessContinuationOption.CONTINUE</typewriter></a> (<b>default setting</b>)</LI>
-    <UL>
-      <LI>in <a href="#import"><typewriter>import</typewriter></a> mode, continues to run any follow-on 
-      scripts/analysis; program is imported.</LI>
-      <LI>in <a href="#process"><typewriter>process</typewriter></a> mode, continues to run any follow-on 
-      scripts/analysis; changes to the current (existing) program are saved.</LI>
-    </UL>
-</UL>
-To set the program disposition, use the <typewriter>setHeadlessContinuationOption</typewriter> method. 
-For example, to dictate that further processing be aborted and the program deleted, the script should 
-use the following method with the <typewriter>ABORT_AND_DELETE</typewriter> option:
-<PRE>
-    setHeadlessContinuationOption(HeadlessContinuationOption.ABORT_AND_DELETE);
-</PRE>
-At the start of processing for each program (immediately before the first script runs), the 
-script&apos;s continuation option is set to <a href="#CONTINUE"><typewriter>CONTINUE</typewriter></a> 
-by default. If the <typewriter>setHeadlessContinationOption</typewriter> method is not used, then 
-operation continues as normal.
-<br><br>
-Note that when an option is set, it takes effect AFTER the current script completes. For example, 
-setting the continuation option to <a href="#ABORT"><typewriter>ABORT</typewriter></a> does <i>not</i> 
-immediately abort the current script; instead, it aborts any processing (analysis, other scripts) 
-that immediately follow the current script.
-<br><br>
-In the case where a subscript or secondary script sets an <a href="#ABORT"><typewriter>ABORT</typewriter></a> 
-or <a href="#ABORT_AND_DELETE"><typewriter>ABORT_AND_DELETE</typewriter></a> option, that option will 
-go into effect once the primary (or outermost) script has completed execution.
-<br><br>
-For a very basic example script, see <typewriter>SetHeadlessContinuationOptionScript.java</typewriter>, 
-which is included in the Ghidra distribution.
-<br><br>
-When multiple scripts set program disposition, they are combined. Continue on to 
-<a href="#scripting_headlessScripts_multipleScripts">Using Multiple Scripts to Control Program Disposition</a> 
-to understand how this works.
-<br><br>
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-<hr>
-<h3><a name="scripting_headlessScripts_multipleScripts">Headless Scripts: Using Multiple Scripts to Control Program Disposition</a></h3>
-While running scripts that change the program disposition, there may be instances when the program 
-disposition is changed more than once for the same program. Some cases where this could happen are:
-<UL>
-    <LI>when the user runs multiple pre-scripts and/or post-scripts that use 
-    <typewriter>setHeadlessContinuationOption</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI>when the user runs scripts that call sub-scripts (or secondary scripts) that use 
-    <typewriter>setHeadlessContinuationOption</typewriter></LI>
-    <LI>when the user runs a script that makes multiple calls to the 
-    <typewriter>setHeadlessContinuationOption</typewriter> method</LI>
-</UL>
-If there are multiple calls to <typewriter>setHeadlessContinuationOption</typewriter> within a single 
-script, the last method call is used as the setting dictated by that script.
-<br><br>
-However, if multiple scripts make calls to <typewriter>setHeadlessContinuationOption</typewriter>, 
-the options from each script are combined in a rational way (in the order the options were set) to 
-potentially result in a new continuation option. 
-<br><br>
-For example, if <typewriter><i>Script1.java</i></typewriter> sets the continuation option, then is followed 
-by <typewriter>Script2.java</typewriter> which also sets the continuation option, the resulting 
-continuation status is shown in the following diagram:
-<br><br>
-<table border="1px" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="2"> 
-    <tr>
-      <th rowspan="2"><typewriter><b><i>Script1</i> Continuation Option</b></typewriter></th>
-      <th colspan="4"><typewriter><b><i>Script2</i> Continuation Option</b></typewriter></th>
-    </tr>
-    <tr>
-      <td><typewriter><b>ABORT</b></typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter><b>ABORT_AND_DELETE</b></typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter><b>CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE</b></typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter><b>CONTINUE</b></typewriter></td>
-    </tr>
-    <tr>
-      <td><typewriter><b>ABORT</b></typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT*</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT*</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT*</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT*</typewriter></td>
-    </tr>
-    <tr>
-      <td><typewriter><b>ABORT_AND_DELETE</b></typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT_AND_DELETE*</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT_AND_DELETE*</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT_AND_DELETE*</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT_AND_DELETE*</typewriter></td>
-    </tr>
-    <tr>
-      <td><typewriter><b>CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE</b></typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT_AND_DELETE</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT_AND_DELETE</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE</typewriter></td>
-    </tr>
-    <tr>
-      <td><typewriter><b>CONTINUE</b></typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>ABORT_AND_DELETE</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE</typewriter></td>
-      <td><typewriter>CONTINUE</typewriter></td>
-    </tr>
-</table>
-<br>
-* In cases where <typewriter><i>Script1</i></typewriter> specifies <a href="#ABORT"><typewriter>ABORT</typewriter></a> 
-or <a href="#ABORT_AND_DELETE"><typewriter>ABORT_AND_DELETE</typewriter></a>, <typewriter><i>Script2</i></typewriter> 
-will not run unless <typewriter><i>Script2</i></typewriter> is a subscript or secondary script called 
-by <typewriter><i>Script1</i></typewriter>.
-<br>
-<br>
-Keep in mind:
-<UL>
-    <LI>If <typewriter><i>Script2</i></typewriter> does not change the continuation option, then the 
-    status from <typewriter><i>Script1</i></typewriter> will carry over.</LI>
-    <LI>An <a href="#ABORT"><typewriter>ABORT</typewriter></a> at the postScript stage is still 
-    meaningful in stopping further processing, since follow-on analysis may occur as a result of 
-    changes made by the postScript.</LI>
-    <LI>You can check the current continuation option by using the 
-    <typewriter>getHeadlessContinuationOption</typewriter> method. For example:
-    <PRE>
-    HeadlessContinuationOption currentOption = getHeadlessContinuationOption();
-    </PRE>
-    </LI>
-    <LI>When specifying deletion options such as 
-    <a href="#ABORT_AND_DELETE"><typewriter>ABORT_AND_DELETE</typewriter></a> or
-     <a href="#CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE"><typewriter>CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE</typewriter></a> in 
-     <a href="#process"><typewriter>-process</typewriter></a> mode, be sure to include 
-     <a href="#okToDelete"><typewriter>-okToDelete</typewriter></a> in the command line parameters to 
-     verify that deletions are allowed. This is an extra safety step to ensure programs aren&apos;t 
-     deleted when the user didn&apos;t mean to delete them.</LI> 
-</UL>
-</P>
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-<div style="border-top: 4px double; margin-top: 1em; padding-top: 1em;"> </div>
-
-<h2><a name="wildcards">Wildcards: Specifying Files to Import or Process</a></h2>
-<P>
-Wildcards can be used when specifying files and/or directories for 
-<a href="#import"><typewriter>-import</typewriter></a> mode, or when specifying one or more files 
-for <a href="#process"><typewriter>-process</typewriter></a> mode. Wildcards in 
-<a href="#import"><typewriter>-import</typewriter></a> mode are expanded by the underlying system 
-shell before being passed on to headless Ghidra (consequently, any wildcard limitations will be 
-dictated by the specific operating system you are using). Wildcards in 
-<a href="#process"><typewriter>-process</typewriter></a> mode are expanded by headless Ghidra and 
-are limited to the use of &apos;*&apos; and &apos;?&apos; only.
-<br><br>
-Note that wildcarding is NOT supported for specifying the Ghidra project/repository location or 
-folder path. 
-<br><br>
-Below are some general guidelines for wildcard usage:
-<UL>
-    <LI><a href="#import"><typewriter>-import</typewriter></a> mode</LI>
-    <UL>
-        <LI>During import, the rules for wildcard use depend on the operating system on which the 
-        Headless Analyzer is being run. The operating system will expand the wildcards to a list of 
-        matching files and pass the list to the Headless Analyzer.</LI>
-        <br>
-        <LI>Unix-based Operating Systems allow the following wildcards:</LI>
-        <UL>
-            <LI>Use the &apos;<typewriter>*</typewriter>&apos; character to substitute for zero or more 
-            characters</LI>
-            <LI>Use the &apos;<typewriter>?</typewriter>&apos; character to substitute for exactly one 
-            character</LI>
-            <LI>Use ranges of characters enclosed in square brackets (for example, <typewriter>[a-z]</typewriter>) 
-            to substitute for any one of the characters in that range. Negation of the characters is 
-            also allowed by using a leading &quot;!&quot; within the brackets (i.e., <typewriter>[!a-z]</typewriter>).</LI>
-            <LI>Wildcards can expand to either directories or files</LI>
-        </UL>
-        <br>
-        <LI>Windows allows the following wildcards:</LI>
-        <UL>
-            <LI>Use the &apos;<typewriter>*</typewriter>&apos; character to substitute for zero or 
-            more characters</LI>
-            <LI>Use the &apos;<typewriter>?</typewriter>&apos; to substitute for one character or 
-            less</LI>
-            <LI>Wildcards can only expand to files (directories whose names conform to the wildcard 
-            string will not be returned)</LI>
-        </UL>
-        <br>
-        <LI>When using a wildcard to specify files, be sure to use as specific of a string as possible. 
-        There may be unintended consequences to using more generalized wildcard strings, such as:</LI>
-        <PRE>
-    ./analyzeHeadless /home/usr/ghidra/projects TestProj -import /home/files/n*
-        </PRE>
-        When using a Unix-based operating system, this import specification results in not only all 
-        files in <typewriter>/home/files</typewriter> starting with <i>n</i> to be imported, but 
-        also the contents of the all directories starting with <i>n</i> to be imported (contents of 
-        those directories&apos; subdirectories would also be imported, if the 
-        <a href="#recursive"><typewriter>-recursive</typewriter></a> option was specified -- note 
-        that the contents of the directories starting with <i>n</i> are not also subject to the 
-        restriction that they start with <i>n</i>).
-    </UL>
-</UL>
-<br>
-<UL>
-    <LI><a href="#import"><typewriter>-process</typewriter></a> mode:</LI>
-    <UL>
-        <LI>In process mode, the wildcard string applies only to files, not directories. The only 
-        accepted wildcard characters are &apos;<typewriter>*</typewriter>&apos; and 
-        &apos;<typewriter>?</typewriter>&apos;.</LI>
-        <br>
-        <LI>There are some cases where the wildcard string may be prematurely expanded by the 
-        operating system. For example, in order to run in <a href="#process"><typewriter>-process</typewriter></a> 
-        mode over all existing project files that start with the letter <i>a</i>, one might use the 
-        following command:</LI>
-        <PRE>
-    ./analyzeHeadless /home/usr/ghidra/projects TestProj -process a* -recursive
-        </PRE>
-        <LI>Instead of the &quot;a*&quot; string being passed along to be used within the Ghidra 
-        project, the shell will prematurely expand the wildcard string to match all <i>a</i>-prefixed 
-        files in the current directory. The command ends up looking like this:</LI>
-        <PRE>
-    ./analyzeHeadless /home/usr/ghidra/projects TestProj -process analyzeHeadless -recursive
-        </PRE>
-        <LI>In order to prevent the system shell from doing this premature wildcard expansion, simply 
-        surround the wildcard string with single-quote characters:</LI>
-        <PRE>
-    ./analyzeHeadless /home/usr/ghidra/projects TestProj -process &apos;a*&apos; -recursive
-        </PRE>
-    </UL>
-</UL>
-</P>
-(<a href="#top">Back to Top</a>)
-
-
-  
-<div style="border-top: 4px double; margin-top: 1em; padding-top: 1em;"> </div>
-<address></address>
-Last modified: Aug 31 2017
-</body> </html>
-
-<style>
-
-table, td {
-border: 1px solid black;
-}
-
-td {
-padding: 15px;
-text-align: center;
-}
-
-</style>
diff --git a/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/Common/support/analyzeHeadlessREADME.md b/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/Common/support/analyzeHeadlessREADME.md
new file mode 100644
index 00000000000..352d75c9ebf
--- /dev/null
+++ b/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/Common/support/analyzeHeadlessREADME.md
@@ -0,0 +1,1047 @@
+# Headless Analyzer README
+
+## Table of Contents
+1. [Introduction](#introduction)
+2. [Usage](#usage)
+3. [Examples](#examples)
+4. [Scripting](#scripting)
+   * [Passing Parameters using arguments](#passing-parameters-using-arguments)
+   * [Passing Parameters using `askXxx()` methods](#passing-parameters-using-askxxx-methods)
+   * [Headless Scripts](#headless-scripts)
+     * [Enabling/Disabling Analysis](#enablingdisabling-analysis)
+     * [Setting the Import Directory](#setting-the-import-directory)
+     * [Checking for Analysis Timeout](#checking-for-analysis-timeout)
+     * [Passing Values Between Scripts](#passing-values-between-scripts)
+     * [Using Scripts to Control Program Disposition][headlessdispo] 
+     * [Using Multiple Scripts to Control Program Disposition][headlessdispomulti]
+5. [Wildcards](#wildcards)
+
+## Introduction
+The Headless Analyzer is a command-line-based (non-GUI) version of Ghidra that allows users to:
+* Create and populate projects
+* Perform analysis on imported or existing binaries
+* Run non-GUI scripts in a project (scripts may be program-dependent or program-independent)
+
+The Headless Analyzer can be useful when performing repetitive tasks on a project (i.e., importing 
+and analyzing a directory of files or running a script over all the binaries in a project).
+
+Users initiate Headless operation using the `analyzeHeadless` shell script. 
+The shell script takes, at a minimum, the path and name of an existing project (or one to be 
+created). When other parameters are specified, the following types of actions may be performed:
+
+* [Import][import] a single file or directory of executable(s) (recursively or non-recursively).
+* [Process][process] a single file or directory of executable(s) already present in an existing 
+  project (recursively or non-recursively).
+* Run any number of non-GUI Ghidra [pre-processing scripts][prescript] on each executable.
+* Turn analysis on or [off][noanalysis] for each executable.
+* Run any number of non-GUI Ghidra [post-processing scripts][postscript] on each executable.
+* Write to a [log][log] with information about each file processed. [Separated logging][scriptlog]
+  is available for scripts.
+* Keep or [delete][deleteproject] a created project.
+* Save any changes made to the project/file, or operate in a [read-only][readonly] manner in 
+  [`-import`][import] or [`-process`][process] modes.
+* Use pre- and/or post-processing scripts to dictate [program disposition][headlessdispomulti]. For
+  example, scripts can dictate whether further processing (i.e., analysis or other scripts) should 
+  be aborted and whether the current file should be deleted after all processing is complete.
+
+While running, be aware that:
+* The Headless Analyzer may not run if the specified project is already open in Ghidra.
+* In bulk import mode (i.e., specifying a directory, `-import dirOfExes`, or wildcard string, 
+  `-import dir1/*`), any file beginning with the character `.` is assumed to be a hidden file and 
+  ignored by default. However, when a file beginning with `.` is named during import (for example, 
+  `import /Users/user/.hidden.exe`), the Headless Analyzer will attempt to import it.
+* Log files can only be redirected if Log4J is used.
+
+## Usage
+The Headless Analyzer uses the command-line parameters discussed below. See [Examples](#examples) 
+for common use cases.
+
+<pre>
+    analyzeHeadless <a href="#project_location">&lt;project_location&gt;</a> &lt;<a href="#project_namefolder_path">project_name&gt;[/&lt;folder_path&gt;]</a> | <a href="#ghidraserverportrepository_namefolder_path">ghidra://&lt;server&gt;[:&lt;port&gt;]/&lt;repository_name&gt;[/&lt;folder_path&gt;]</a>
+        [[<a href="#-import-directoryfile">-import [&lt;directory&gt;|&lt;file&gt;]+</a>] | [<a href="#-process-project_file">-process [&lt;project_file&gt;]]</a>]
+        [<a href="#-prescript-scriptnameext-arg">-preScript &lt;ScriptName&gt;&nbsp;[&lt;arg&gt;]*</a>]
+        [<a href="#-postscript-scriptnameext-arg">-postScript &lt;ScriptName&gt;&nbsp[&lt;arg&gt;]*</a>]
+        [<a href="#-scriptpath-path1path2">-scriptPath &quot;&lt;path1&gt;[;&lt;path2&gt;...]&quot;</a>]
+        [<a href="#-propertiespath-path1path2">-propertiesPath &quot;&lt;path1&gt;[;&lt;path2&gt;...]&quot;</a>]
+        [<a href="#-scriptlog-path-to-script-log-file">-scriptlog &lt;path to script log file&gt;</a>]
+        [<a href="#-log-path-to-log-file">-log &lt;path to log file&gt;</a>]
+        [<a href="#-overwrite">-overwrite</a>]
+        [<a href="#-recursive-depth">-recursive [&lt;depth&gt;]</a>]
+        [<a href="#-readonly">-readOnly</a>]
+        [<a href="#-deleteproject">-deleteProject</a>]
+        [<a href="#-noanalysis">-noanalysis</a>]
+        [<a href="#-processor-languageid">-processor &lt;languageID&gt;</a>]
+        [<a href="#-cspec-compilerspecid">-cspec &lt;compilerSpecID&gt;</a>]
+        [<a href="#-analysistimeoutperfile-timeout-in-seconds">-analysisTimeoutPerFile &lt;timeout in seconds&gt;</a>]
+        [<a href="#-keystore-keystorepath">-keystore &lt;KeystorePath&gt;</a>]
+        [<a href="#-connect-userid">-connect [&lt;userID&gt;]</a>]
+        [<a href="#-p">-p</a>]
+        [<a href="#-commit-comment">-commit [&quot;&lt;comment&gt;&quot;]</a>]
+        [<a href="#-oktodelete">-okToDelete</a>]
+        [<a href="#-max-cpu-max-cpu-cores-to-use">-max-cpu &lt;max cpu cores to use&gt;</a>]
+        [<a href="#-librarysearchpaths-path1path2">-librarySearchPaths &lt;path1&gt;[;&lt;path2&gt;...]</a>]
+        [<a href="#-loader-desired-loader-name">-loader &lt;desired loader name&gt;</a>]
+        [<a href="#-loader-desired-loader-name">-loader-&lt;loader argument name&gt; &lt;loader argument value&gt;</a>]
+</pre>
+
+### `<project_location>`
+The directory that either contains an existing Ghidra project (in [`-import`][import] or 
+[`-process`][process] mode) or will contain a newly created project (in [`-import`][import] mode for
+a local project).
+  
+___You must specify either a project location and project name, or a Ghidra Server repository URL.___
+  
+Some parameters will have no effect, depending on which `project_location` is specified. The 
+following table shows parameters that are specific to `project_location`:
+
+| Parameter | Local Project | Server Repository |
+| --------- | ------------- | ----------------- |
+| -p        |               |         X         |
+| -connect  |               |         X         |
+| -keystore |               |         X         |
+| -commit   |               |         X         |
+| -delete   |      X        |                   |
+
+
+### `<project_name>[/<folder_path>]`
+The name of either an existing project (in [`-import`][import] or [`-process`][process] mode) or new
+project (in [`-import`][import] mode) to be created in the above directory. If the optional folder
+path is included, imports will be rooted under this project folder. In [`-import`][import] mode with
+[`-recursive`][recursive] enabled, any folders in the folder path that do not already exist in the 
+project will be created (even if nested).
+
+___You must specify either a project location and project name, or a Ghidra Server repository URL.___
+
+### `ghidra://<server>[:<port>]/<repository_name>[/<folder_path>]`
+A Ghidra Server repository URL (shared Ghidra Server project) and folder path. Using the repository
+URL eliminates the need for a local shared Ghidra project; however, the named repository must 
+already exist on the Ghidra Server. If the specified repository does not already exist, it will not 
+be created (see the `GhidraProject` class for a simple API that allows shared project creation from 
+within a script).
+
+If the optional folder path is included, imports will be rooted under this folder (in 
+[`-import`][import] mode, folders will be created if they do not already exist).
+
+### `-import [<directory>|<file>]+`
+_Note: [`-import`][import] and [`-process`][process] can not both be present in the parameters list._
+
+Specifies one or more executables (or directories of executables) to import. When importing a 
+directory or supported container format, a folder with the same name will be created in the Ghidra
+project. When using the [`-recursive`][recursive] parameter, each executable that is found in a
+recursive search through the given directory or container file will be stored in the project in the 
+same relative location (i.e., any directories found under the import directory will also be created
+in the project).
+
+Operating system-specific wildcard characters can be used when importing files and/or directories. 
+Please see the [Wildcards](#wildcards) section for more details.
+
+When importing multiple executables/directories in the same session, use one of the following 
+methods:
+* List multiple directories and/or executables after the [`-import`][import] option, separated by a 
+  space.
+  ```bash
+  -import /Users/myDir/peFiles /Users/myDir/otherFiles/test.exe
+  ```
+* Repeat the [`-import`][import] option multiple times (each use of [`-import`][import] may be 
+  separated by other parameters) to import from more than one directory or file source.
+  ```bash
+  -import /Users/myDir/peFiles -recursive -import /Users/myDir/otherFiles/test.exe
+  ``` 
+
+### `-process [<project_file>]`
+_Note: [`-import`][import] and [`-process`][process] can not both be present in the parameters list._
+
+Performs processing (running pre/post-scripts and/or analysis) on one or more program files
+that already exist in the project or repository. Use the optional `project_file` argument to specify
+an existing file by name.  Searching will be performed within the specified project folder 
+(specified by `folder_path`, which was included with the [project_name][projectname] or 
+[repository URL][ghidraserver] specification). Omit the `project_file` argument to allow processing
+over all files within the project folder.
+
+You can also use the wildcard characters `*` and `?` in the `project_file` parameter to specify all 
+files within a folder which match the pattern. To prevent premature expansion (by the shell) of any 
+wildcard characters, use single quotes around the `project_file`. For example:
+```bash
+-process '*.exe'
+```
+For further details on wildcard usage, please see the [Wildcards](#wildcards) section 
+below.
+
+Omitting the optional `project_file` argument will cause all files to be processed within the 
+project folder (equivelent to `*`).
+
+Including the [`-recursive`][recursive] parameter will cause the same project file name/pattern 
+search to be performed recursively within all sub-folders.  
+
+Unlike the [`-import`][import] option, [`-process`][process] may only be specified once.
+
+### `-preScript <ScriptName.ext> [<arg>]*`
+Identifies the name of a script that will execute before analysis, and an optional list of arguments
+to pass to the script. The script name must include its file extension (i.e., _MyScript.java_).
+
+___This parameter expects the script name only; do not include the path to the script.___ The
+Headless Analyzer searches specific default locations for the named script, but additional script 
+director(ies) may also be specified (see the [`-scriptPath`][scriptpath] argument for more 
+information).
+
+This option must be repeated to specify additional scripts. See the [Scripting](#scripting) section
+for a description of advanced scripting capabilities.
+
+### `-postScript <ScriptName.ext> [<arg>]*`
+Identifies the name of a script that will execute after analysis, and an optional list of arguments
+to pass to the script. The script name must include its file extension (i.e., _MyScript.java_).
+
+___This parameter expects the script name only; do not include the path to the script.___ The
+Headless Analyzer searches specific default locations for the named script, but additional script 
+director(ies) may also be specified (see the [`-scriptPath`][scriptpath] argument for more 
+information).
+
+This option must be repeated to specify additional scripts. See the [Scripting](#scripting) section
+for a description of advanced scripting capabilities.
+
+### `-scriptPath "<path1>[;<path2>...]"`
+Specifies the search path(s) for scripts, including secondary scripts (a script invoked from 
+another script). A path may start with `$GHIDRA_HOME`, which corresponds to the Ghidra installation
+directory, or `$USER_HOME`, which corresponds to the user's home directory. On Unix systems, these 
+home variables must be escaped using a `\` (backslash) character.
+
+Examples:
+* Windows:
+  ```bat
+  -scriptPath "$GHIDRA_HOME/Ghidra/Features/Base/ghidra_scripts;/myscripts"
+  ```
+* Unix:
+  ```bash
+  -scriptPath "\$GHIDRA_HOME/Ghidra/Features/Base/ghidra_scripts;/myscripts"
+  ```
+
+The `scriptPath` parameter is optional. If it is not present, the Headless Analyzer will search the 
+following paths for the specified script(s):
+* `$USER_HOME/ghidra_scripts`
+* All `ghidra_script` subdirectories that exist in the Ghidra distribution
+
+### `-propertiesPath "<path1>[;<path2>...]"`
+Specifies path(s) that contain _.properties_ files used by scripts or secondary/subscripts. A path 
+may start with `$GHIDRA_HOME`, which corresponds to the Ghidra installation directory, or 
+`$USER_HOME`, which corresponds to the user's home directory. On Unix systems these home variables 
+must be escaped with a `;` character.
+
+More information on the use of _.properties_ files to pass parameters during Headless Analysis can 
+be found [here](#passing-parameters-using-askxxx-methods).
+
+### `-scriptlog <path to script log file>`
+Sets the location of the file that stores logging information from pre- and post-scripts. If a 
+path to a script log file is not set, script logs are written to `script.log` in the user directory,
+by default.
+
+Note: Only the built-in scripting print methods will print to the script log file (`print`, 
+`println`, `printf`, `printerr`).
+
+Also note that in Python scripts, `print` writes to `stdout`.  To write to the log from Python, use
+`println` instead.
+
+### `-log <path to log file>`
+Sets the location of the file that stores logging information from analysis or other non-script 
+processing of the files. If a path to a log file is not set, logging information is written to 
+`application.log` in the user directory, by default.
+
+### `-overwrite`
+Applies to [-import][import] mode only and is ignored if the [`-readOnly`][readonly] option is 
+present. If present, an existing project file that conflicts with an import file is overwritten. 
+If this parameter is not included, import files that conflict with existing project files will be 
+skipped (if not operating with the [`-readOnly`][readonly] option). If a conflicting file is 
+contained within a version repository, and the [`-commit`][commit] option has not been specified, 
+the overwrite will fail.  Removing a versioned file is also subject to other permission and in-use 
+restrictions which could also cause an overwrite failure.
+
+### `-recursive [<depth>]`
+If present, enables recursive descent into directories and project sub-folders when a directory/
+folder has been specified in [`-import`][import] or [`-process`][process] modes.
+
+Specifying a positive integer value for the optional `<depth>` argument enables recursive descent 
+into supported container files (e.g., zip, tar, .a, etc). The depth value only applies to nested 
+container files. Intermediate directories found within each nested container file are not affected 
+by the specified depth value.  If a depth value is not specified, it will default to 0 if importing 
+a directory, and 1 if importing a file.  A depth of 0 will prevent recursing into any container 
+files.
+
+### `-readOnly`
+If present in [`-import`][import] mode, imported files will NOT be saved to the project. If present
+in [`-process`][process] mode, any changes made to existing files by scripts or analysis are 
+discarded.  When processing a shared project or URL associated with a read-only repository, such 
+files will be skipped unless this option is specified. The [`-overwrite`][overwrite] option will be 
+ignored if this option is specified  during import operations.
+
+### `-deleteProject`
+If present, the Ghidra project will be deleted after scripts and/or analysis have completed 
+(only applies if the project has been created in the current session with 
+[`-import`][import]; existing projects are never deleted). This project delete option is assumed 
+when the [`-readOnly`][readonly] option is specified for import operations which create a new 
+project.
+
+### `-noanalysis`
+If present, executables will not be analyzed (auto-analysis occurs by default).
+
+### `-processor <languageID>`
+Specifies the processor information to be used in [`-import`][import] mode (and subsequent analysis,
+if analysis is enabled). Be sure to use quotes around the `languageId` if it contains spaces. If 
+this parameter is not present, Ghidra uses header info (if available) to identify the processor.
+
+The possible _languageIDs_ can be found in the processor-specific _.ldefs_ files (found here: 
+`ghidra_x.x\Ghidra\Processors\proc_name\data\languages\*.ldefs`) in the `id` attribute of the 
+`language` element. The specified `<languageID>` should match exactly, including case, as it appears
+in the _.ldefs_ file.
+
+For example:
+```xml
+<language processor="x86"
+            endian="little"
+            size="32"
+            variant="default"
+            version="2.6"
+            slafile="x86.sla"
+            processorspec="x86.pspec"
+            manualindexfile="../manuals/x86.idx"
+            id="x86:LE:32:default">
+```
+
+_Note: The [`-processor`][processor] parameter may be used without specifying the [`-cspec`][cspec] 
+parameter (if the given processor is valid, the Headless Analyzer chooses the default compiler 
+specification for that processor)._
+
+### `-cspec <compilerSpecID>`
+Specifies the compiler specification to be used in [`-import`][import] mode (and subsequent 
+analysis, if analysis is enabled).
+
+The possible _compilerSpecIDs_ can be found in the processor-specific _.ldefs_ files (found here: 
+`ghidra_x.x\Ghidra\Processors\proc_name\data\languages\*.ldefs`) in the `id` attribute of the 
+appropriate `compiler` element. The specified `<compilerSpecID>` should match exactly, including 
+case, as it appears in the _.ldefs_ file.
+
+For example:
+```xml
+<compiler name="Visual Studio" spec="x86win.cspec" id="windows"/>
+<compiler name="gcc" spec="x86gcc.cspec" id="gcc"/>
+<compiler name="Borland C++" spec="x86borland.cspec" id="borlandcpp"/>
+```
+
+_Note: The [`-cspec`][cspec] parameter may __not__ be used without specifying the 
+[`-processor`][processor] parameter._
+
+### `-analysisTimeoutPerFile <timeout in seconds>`
+Sets a timeout value (in seconds) for analysis. If analysis on a file exceeds the specified time, 
+analysis is interrupted and processing continues as scheduled (i.e., to the 
+[`-postScript`][postscript] stage, if specified). Results from individual analyzers that have 
+completed processing prior to timeout will still be saved with the program. Post-scripts can be used
+to detect that analysis has timed out (in Headless processing ONLY) by calling the 
+`getHeadlessAnalysisTimeoutStatus()` method. 
+
+### `-keystore <KeystorePath>`
+When connecting to a Ghidra Server using PKI or SSH authentication, this option allows 
+specification of a suitable private keystore file. The keystore file should always be properly 
+protected with filesystem protections. Since SSH authentication is intended for batch operations, 
+we do not support password protected SSH keys. However, we do support password prompting for 
+PKI authentication.
+
+[See here for more information regarding which authentication method to use](#authentication).
+
+### `-connect <userID>`
+If used, allows the process owner's default userID to be overridden with the given `userID` when 
+connecting to a Ghidra Server. In order to use this parameter, the server must be configured to 
+allow a non-default username (Ghidra server `-u` option).
+
+### `-p`
+This option may be specified to allow for interactive password prompting when either a specified
+PKI keystore is password protected or the Ghidra Server requires password authentication. 
+This option should not be used during batch operations where a user will be unable to enter a 
+password. __If the terminal in use is unable to suppress echoing an entered password, a warning will
+be issued with the prompt, and the entered password will be echoed to the terminal. Use of this 
+option is discouraged when such a warning occurs.__
+
+[See here for more information regarding which authentication method to use](#authentication).
+
+### `-commit ["<comment>"]`
+When connected to a shared project, enables a commit of changes to the project's underlying 
+repository (residing on the Ghidra Server). Commits are enabled by default for shared projects; 
+however, the optional quoted `comment` may be specified and will be saved with all commits. Commits
+do not apply when the [-readOnly][readonly] parameter is present.
+
+### `-okToDelete`
+When using Headless Scripts to control [program disposition][headlessdispo] in [`-process`][process]
+mode, it is possible to delete existing programs in a project. These deletions are permanent and can
+not be undone (in a versioned project, all versions of a program are deleted). To ensure that 
+programs are not deleted irretrievably without the user's knowledge, Headless operation requires the
+[`-okToDelete`][oktodelete] parameter to be set if a program is to be deleted in 
+[`-process`][process] mode. If a program is scheduled to be deleted and [`-okToDelete`][oktodelete]
+has not been set, Headless will print a warning and the program will not be deleted.
+
+The [`-okToDelete`][oktodelete] parameter is not necessary when running in [`-import`][import]
+mode. If a HeadlessScripts schedules deletion of one of the programs being imported, the program 
+will simply not be saved to the project.
+
+### `-max-cpu <max cpu cores to use>`
+Sets the maximum number of CPU cores to use during headless processing (must be an integer). 
+Setting `max-cpu` to 0 or a negative integer is equivalent to setting the maximum number of cores to
+1.
+
+### `-librarySearchPaths <path1>[;<path2>...]`
+Specifies an ordered list of library search paths to use during import instead of the default. 
+Search paths may be either full system paths or "FSRLs".
+
+### `-loader <desired loader name>`
+Forces the file to be imported using a specific loader.
+
+Loaders can take additional arguments that they apply during the import process. Below is a list of
+the most commonly used loaders and their arguments.
+
+__Note:__ Full java package loader paths are no longer recognized.
+
+* `-loader BinaryLoader`
+  * `-loader-blockName <block name>`
+  * `-loader-baseAddr <base address>`[^1]
+  * `-loader-fileOffset <file offset>`[^2]
+  * `-loader-length <length in bytes>`[^2]
+  * `-loader-applyLabels <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-anchorLabels <true|false>`
+
+* `-loader ElfLoader`
+  * `-loader-applyLabels <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-anchorLabels <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-linkExistingProjectLibraries <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-projectLibrarySearchFolder <project path>`
+  * `-loader-loadLibraries <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-libraryLoadDepth <depth>`
+  * `-loader-libraryDestinationFolder <project path>`
+  * `-loader-applyRelocations <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-applyUndefinedData <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-imagebase <imagebase>`[^3]
+  * `-loader-dataImageBase <dataImageBase>`[^4]
+  * `-loader-includeOtherBlocks <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-maxSegmentDiscardSize <0..255> (default: 255)`
+
+* `-loader PeLoader`
+  * `-loader-applyLabels <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-anchorLabels <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-linkExistingProjectLibraries <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-projectLibrarySearchFolder <project path>`
+  * `-loader-loadLibraries <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-libraryLoadDepth <depth>`
+  * `-loader-libraryDestinationFolder <project path>`
+  * `-loader-ordinalLookup <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-parseCliHeaders <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-showDebugLineNumbers <true|false>` 
+
+* `-loader MachoLoader`
+  * `-loader-applyLabels <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-anchorLabels <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-linkExistingProjectLibraries <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-projectLibrarySearchFolder <project path>`
+  * `-loader-loadLibraries <true|false>`
+  * `-loader-libraryLoadDepth <depth>`
+  * `-loader-libraryDestinationFolder <project path>`
+  * `-loader-reexport <true|false>`
+
+## Authentication
+Use this table to figure out which authentication option to use with the Headless Analyzer, based on
+your Ghidra Server's method of authentication, and the type of analysis operation you are 
+performing.
+
+| Type of Operation        | SSH Without Password* | SSH With Password | PKI Without Password  | PKI With Password                        | Username/Password |
+| ------------------------ | --------------------- | ----------------- | --------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
+| Interactive Command Line | [-keystore][keystore] | Not Supported     | [-keystore][keystore] | [-keystore][keystore] and [-p][password] | [-p][password]    |
+| Batch/Script Use         | [-keystore][keystore] | Not Supported     | [-keystore][keystore] | Not Supported                            | NotSupported      |
+
+__*NOTE:__ The use of OpenSSH keys are not supported. The following command can be used to generate
+a suitable SSH key while avoiding the unsupported OpenSSH format: `ssh-keygen -b 2048 -t rsa -m pem`
+
+## Examples
+
+#### Example 1
+Import a binary `/binaries/binary1.exe` to a local Ghidra Project named `Project1`. Analysis is on 
+by default.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1 -import /binaries/binary1.exe
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 2
+Import all `*.exe` binaries from a local folder to a local Ghidra project named `Project1`, 
+suppressing analysis.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1 -import /Users/user/sourceFiles/*.exe -noanalysis
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 3
+Import the binary `/usr/local/binaries/binaryA.exe` to a subfolder of a local Ghidra Project, 
+running a prescript, but suppressing analysis.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1/folderOne -scriptPath /usr/scripts -preScript RunThisScriptFirst.java -import /usr/local/binaries/binaryA.exe -noanalysis
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 4
+Import the binary `/usr/local/binaries/binaryB.exe` to a local Ghidra Project, running a prescript 
+that depends on a _.properties_ file in the location `/propertiesLocation`. Analysis is on by 
+default.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1 -scriptPath /usr/scripts -preScript RunThisScriptFirst.java -propertiesPath /propertiesLocation -import /usr/local/binaries/binaryB.exe
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 5
+Specify more than one import to a local project, running more than one script and performing
+analysis.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/Projects Project1/folderOne -scriptPath /usr/scripts -preScript RunThisScriptFirst.java -preScript RunThisScriptSecond.java -import /usr/local/binaries/binaryA.exe /user/local/morebinaries -postScript RunThisScriptLast.java
+```
+OR
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/Projects Project1/folderOne -scriptPath /usr/scripts -preScript RunThisScriptFirst.java -preScript RunThisScriptSecond.java -import /usr/local/binaries/binaryA.exe -postScript RunThisScriptLast.java -import /user/local/morebinaries
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 6
+Run a script on an existing project binary `importedBinA.exe` in the folder `folderOne` of the 
+existing project named `Project1`.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/Projects Project1/folderOne -scriptPath /user/scripts -postScript FixupScript.java -process importedBinA.exe -noanalysis
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 7
+Recursively run scripts and analysis over all the binaries in the folder `folderTwo` of the existing
+project named `Project2`.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/Projects Project2/folderTwo -scriptPath /user/scripts -preScript FixupPreScript.java -process -recursive
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 8
+Run a script and analysis on binaries starting with the letter `a` in the folder `aFolder` (and any 
+of its subfolders) in the existing projected named `Project1`.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/Projects Project1/aFolder -scriptPath /user/scripts -preScript ProcessAScript.java -process 'a*' -recursive
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 9
+Recursively import the directory `/usr/local/binaries` to a Ghidra Server, running a prescript and 
+analysis. Commit changes with the specified comment. Server prompts for a password for the user 
+named `userID`.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless ghidra://example.server.org:13100/RepositoryName/RootFolder -scriptPath /usr/scripts/ -preScript RunThisScriptFirst.java -import /usr/local/binaries -recursive -connect userID -p -commit "Testing server imports."
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 10
+Change the default log location when importing and analyzing a file.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1 -import /binaries/binary1.exe -log /new/log_location.txt
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 11
+Re-import and overwrite a file that already exists in the project.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects Project1 -import /binaries/IAlreadyExist.exe -overwrite
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 12
+Create a new project, import and analyze a file, then delete the project when done.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects ANewProject -import /binaries/binary2.exe -deleteProject
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 13
+Set a timeout value, in seconds, for analysis (analysis will abort if it takes longer than the set
+timeout value).
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import /binaries/binary2.exe -analysisTimeoutPerFile 100
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 14
+Run a script without using `-import` or `-process` modes (___Script must not be program-dependent!___).
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -preScript HelloWorldScript.java -scriptPath /my/ghidra_scripts
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 15
+Specify a language and compiler to be used when importing with analysis.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import hello.exe -processor "x86:LE:32:System Management Mode" -cspec default
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 16
+Import, run a script, and analyze a file, but don't allow the file to be saved to the project.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import hello.exe -preScript GetInfoScript.java -readOnly
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 17
+Import and run scripts that take their own own arguments.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import hello.exe -preScript Script.java arg1 arg2 arg3 -preScript AnotherScript.java "arg1 with spaces" arg2
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+#### Example 18
+Import a PE file as a raw binary image with a specified base address and block name.
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import hello.exe -loader BinaryLoader -loader-baseAddr 0x1000 -loader-blockName MyBlock -processor x86:LE:32:default
+```
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+
+## Scripting
+Many scripts that extend the _GhidraScript_ class, and written for use with the headed (GUI) version
+of Ghidra, can also be used during Headless operation. However, there are certain GUI-specific 
+methods that do not make sense when called during Headless operation. When a GhidraScript containing
+one or more GUI-specific methods is run headlessly, the script will throw an `ImproperUseException`.
+
+A script that extends the _HeadlessScript_ class may be used to write scripts that refer to 
+Headless-only methods. See the [Headless Scripts](#headless-scripts) section for more detail.
+
+Here are some general guidelines for running scripts headlessly.
+* If neither [`-import`][import] mode nor [`-process`][process] mode is specified in the Headless 
+  Analyzer command line arguments, only the specified pre/post-script(s) will be executed. In this
+  case, all scripts must execute in a program-independent manner, or errors will occur. If you 
+  intend for scripts to be run against programs, please run in [`-process`][process] mode.
+* For each pre-/post-script group, scripts are executed in the order specified on the command line.
+* Any pre- or post-script may invoke the `setTemporary()` method on `currentProgram` to prevent 
+  changes from being saved. In [`-import`][import] mode, the method prevents the specific import 
+  from being saved. In [`-process`][process] mode, the method prevents changes to the program from 
+  being saved.
+* Avoid using the script API method `setServerCredentials()` for shared projects.
+
+### Passing Parameters using arguments
+As of Ghidra 7.2, it is possible to pass script-specific arguments directly to scripts. The 
+arguments are stored in a String array and can be accessed with the following method:
+```java
+String[] args = getScriptArgs();
+```
+If running in headless mode, this array will contain the ordered list of arguments passed to the 
+script on the command line (specified with [`-preScript`][prescript] or
+[`-postScript`][postScript]).
+
+For example, if a script was run with the following command:
+```bash
+analyzeHeadless /Users/user/ghidra/projects MyProject -import hello.exe -preScript Script.java arg1 arg2 arg3 -preScript AnotherScript.java "arg1 with spaces" arg2
+```
+Then the elements of the argument array for _Script.java_ would look like this:
+```java
+args = {"arg1", "arg2", "arg3"}
+```
+and the argument array for _AnotherScript.java_ would look like this:
+```java
+args = {"arg1 with spaces", "arg2"}
+```
+
+### Passing Parameters using `askXxx()` methods
+Many of the GhidraScript `askXxx()` methods can be run in both headless and headed (GUI) modes, 
+allowing seamless script usage between headed and headless modes. As of Ghidra 6.1, the following 
+methods can be run in both modes:
+* `askFile`
+* `askDirectory`
+* `askLanguage`
+* `askProjectFolder`
+* `askInt`
+* `askLong`
+* `askAddress`
+* `askBytes`
+* `askProgram`
+* `askDomainFile`
+* `askDouble`
+* `askString`
+* `askChoice`
+* `askChoices`
+* `askYesNo`
+
+_Further details for each specific `askXxx()` method can be found in the method's JavaDoc._
+
+When running headlessly, the `askXxx()` methods allow users to to "pre-set" or "pass in" one or more
+values for use in scripts. Use the appropriate method to pass in values of certain types (i.e., 
+file, directory, int, long).
+
+To pass a value to a script, create a _.properties_ file corresponding to each GhidraScript that 
+uses an `askXxx()` method. For example, the _.properties_ file that corresponds to a script named 
+_MyScript.java_ would share the script's basename and be called _MyScript.properties_. By default, 
+the Headless Analyzer assumes that the script and its _.properties_ file are both located in the 
+same folder. If you would like the _.properties_ file to be in a different location from the script,
+you can use the [`-propertiesPath`][propertiespath] parameter to specify the location of the 
+_.properties_ file. Below is an example of a GhidraScript and its _.properties_ file. Use it for 
+reference to determine how the _.properties_ file should be structured to communicate the necessary
+information to the GhidraScript:
+
+___Script1.java___
+```java
+public class Script1 extends GhidraScript {
+ 
+    @Override
+    public void run() throws Exception {
+  	
+        File userFile = askFile("Choose a file ", "Please choose a file: ");
+        println("Chosen file: " + userFile.toString());
+
+        double userDouble = askDouble("Double dialog", "Please enter a double: ");
+        println("Entered double: " + userDouble);
+	
+        double userDouble2 = askDouble("Double dialog", "Please enter another double: ");
+        println("Second entered double: " + userDouble2);
+
+        Address userAddress = askAddress("Address", "Enter an address!");
+        println("Entered address: " + userAddress.toString());
+
+        byte[] userBytes = askBytes("Asking for bytes", "Put some bytes here --");
+        StringBuilder byteStr = new StringBuilder();
+        for (byte aByte : askedBytes) {
+            byteStr.append(String.format("%02X ", aByte));
+        }
+        println("Bytes: " + byteStr.toString().trim());
+	
+        String userString = askString("Asking for a string", "Please type a string: ", "my default String");
+        println("Entered String: " + userString);
+    }
+}
+```
+
+___Script1.properties___
+```ini 
+    # A comment line is indicated if the '#' or '!' character is the first non-whitespace character 
+    # of that line.
+    # 
+    # Use a space-separated concatenation of the parameters to communicate which variable gets what 
+    # value:
+    #    Format:    <space-separated concatenation of parameters> = <value>
+    #
+    # Notice that spaces at the beginning and end of parameters are removed prior to concatenation.
+    #
+    # Note that if the askXxx() method contains a "defaultValue" parameter, that parameter should 
+    # not be included in the concatenation of parameters.
+
+    Choose a file Please choose a file: = /Users/username/help.exe
+    Double dialog Please enter a double: = 32.2
+    Address Enter an address! = 0x10AB34D
+    Double dialog Please enter another double: = 3.14159 
+    Asking for bytes Put some bytes here -- = AA BB CC 11 02 24
+    Asking for a string Please type a string: = STRING ABC
+```
+ 
+__Note:__ If [script-specific arguments](#passing-parameters-using-arguments) have been passed into 
+the script, the `askXxx()` methods will consume values found in the argument array rather than a 
+_.properties_ file. The first `askXxx()` method will use the first value in the array, the second 
+`askXxx()` method will use the second value in the array, and so on. If all of the arguments in the 
+array have been consumed, the next `askXxx()` will throw an `IndexOutOfBoundsException`.
+
+### Headless Scripts
+A script of type _HeadlessScript_ (which extends _GhidraScript_) can be used by any user looking for
+more control over the Headless Analysis process than is offered using the more generic 
+_GhidraScript_ class. Using _HeadlessScripts_, users are able to store variables for use by later 
+scripts, change the location of where an import will be saved, and change the disposition of a 
+program depending on script-specific conditions (i.e., save it in a different folder, delete it, 
+turn off analysis, abort further processing, etc.).
+
+_HeadlessScripts_ allow the user to access certain methods that are specific to the 
+HeadlessAnalyzer. Otherwise, these types of scripts operate exactly like _GhidraScripts_. Users 
+should ___only___ use _HeadlessScript_ for headless operation. While _HeadlessScripts_ could 
+possibly run successfully in the Ghidra GUI, an exception will be thrown if a HeadlessScript-only 
+method is called during GUI operation.
+
+#### Enabling/Disabling Analysis
+In order to enable or disable analysis using a _HeadlessScript_, simply include the following line 
+in your script:
+```java
+enableHeadlessAnalysis(true);  // turn on analysis
+```
+OR
+```java
+enableHeadlessAnalysis(false);  // turn off analysis
+```
+
+Note that a script that includes this line should be run as a `preScript`, since preScripts execute 
+before analysis would typically run. Running the script as a `postScript` is ineffective, since the
+stage at which analysis would have happened has already passed.
+
+This change will persist throughout the current HeadlessAnalyzer session, unless changed again (in 
+other words, once analysis is enabled via script for one program, it will also be enabled for future 
+programs in the current session, unless changed).
+
+Note: To check whether analysis is currently enabled, use the following method:
+```java
+boolean analysisEnabled = isHeadlessAnalysisEnabled();
+```
+    
+#### Setting the Import Directory
+When using [`-import`][import] mode, a user can change the path in the Ghidra project where imported
+files are saved. This is done by using the following script method:
+```java
+setHeadlessImportDirectory("path/to/new/dir");
+```
+
+The new path does not have to exist (it will be created if it doesn't already exist). The path is 
+also assumed to be relative to the project's root folder.
+
+Here are some examples assuming the Ghidra project structure looks like this:
+```
+    MyGhidraProject:
+        /dir1
+            /innerDir1
+            /innerDir2
+```
+* The following usage ensures that any files imported after the call to this method are saved in the
+  existing `MyGhidraProject:dir1/innerDir2` folder:
+  ```java
+  setHeadlessImportDirectory("dir1/innerDir2");
+  ```
+* In contrast, the following usage adds new folders to the Ghidra project and saves the imported 
+  files into the newly-created path.
+  ```java
+   setHeadlessImportDirectory("dir1/innerDir2/my/folder");
+  ```
+  changes the directory structure to:
+  ```
+    MyGhidraProject:
+        /dir1
+            /innerDir1
+            /innerDir2
+                /my
+                    /folder
+  ```
+* Another usage example where new folders are added to the Ghidra project.
+  ```java  
+  setHeadlessImportDirectory("dir1/newDir/saveHere");
+  ```
+  This changes the directory structure to:
+  ```
+    MyGhidraProject:
+        /dir1
+            /innerDir1
+            /innerDir2
+            /newDir
+                /saveHere
+  ```
+
+When using this method to set the save directory for imports, whether the save succeeds may depend 
+on the state of the [`-overwrite`][overwrite] parameter. For example, if the new import location 
+already exists and contains a file of the same name as the current program, the current program will
+only be successfully saved if [`-overwrite`][overwrite] is enabled.
+
+This change in import directory will persist throughout the current HeadlessAnalyzer session, unless 
+changed again (in other words, once the import location has been changed, it will continue to be the 
+import save location for future imported programs in the current session, unless changed again).
+
+To revert back to the default import location (that which was specified via command line), pass the 
+null object as the argument to this method:
+```java
+setHeadlessImportDirectory(null);    // Sets import save directory to default
+```
+The `setHeadlessImportDirectory()` method is ineffective in [`-process`][process] mode (the program 
+will ___not___ be saved to a different location if this method is called when running in
+[`-process`][process] mode).
+
+#### Checking for Analysis Timeout
+In the case where all of the following apply:
+* the user set an analysis timeout period using the [`-analysisTimeoutPerFile`][timeout] parameter
+* analysis is enabled and has completed
+* the current script is being run as a postScript
+
+The user can check whether analysis timed out, using the following query method:
+```java
+boolean didTimeout = analysisTimeoutOccurred();
+```
+
+#### Passing Values Between Scripts
+If you are running multiple scripts in headless operation and would like to store a value in one 
+script that is accessible by another script, use the _HeadlessScript_ methods below. They facilitate
+the storage and retrieval of key-value pairs to/from a data structure that is available to any 
+script of type _HeadlessScript_: 
+
+```java
+storeHeadlessValue(String key, Object value);
+Object myObject = getStoredHeadlessValue(String key);
+boolean containsKey = headlessStorageContainsKey(String key);
+```
+
+#### Using Scripts to Control Program Disposition
+HeadlessScripts can be used to control disposition of the program currently being imported/processed 
+(note: if running in [`-process`][process] mode with [`-readOnly`][readonly] enabled, programs can 
+not be deleted, even if directed by a script).
+
+The available options to control program disposition are as follows:		  
+* `HeadlessContinuationOption.ABORT`
+  * in [`-import`][import] mode, does not run any follow-on scripts/analysis; program is imported.
+  * in [`-process`][process] mode, does not run any follow-on scripts/analysis; changes to the 
+    current (existing) program are saved.
+* `HeadlessContinuationOption.ABORT_AND_DELETE`
+  * in [`-import`][import] mode, does not run any follow-on  scripts/analysis; program is not 
+    imported.
+  * in [`-process`][process] mode, does not run any follow-on scripts/analysis; the current 
+    (existing) program is deleted.
+* `HeadlessContinuationOption.CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE`
+  * in [`-import`][import] mode, continues to run any follow-on scripts/analysis; program is not
+    imported.
+  * in [`-process`][process] mode, continues to run any follow-on scripts/analysis; the current 
+    (existing) program is deleted after processing is complete.
+* `HeadlessContinuationOption.CONTINUE` (__default setting__)
+  * in [`-import`][import] mode, continues to run any follow-on scripts/analysis; program is 
+    imported.
+  * in [`-process`][process] mode, continues to run any follow-on scripts/analysis; changes to the 
+    current (existing) program are saved.
+
+To set the program disposition, use the `setHeadlessContinuationOption()` method. For example, to 
+dictate that further processing be aborted and the program deleted, the script should use the 
+following method with the `ABORT_AND_DELETE` option:
+
+```java
+setHeadlessContinuationOption(HeadlessContinuationOption.ABORT_AND_DELETE);
+```
+
+At the start of processing for each program (immediately before the first script runs), the 
+script's continuation option is set to `CONTINUE` by default. If the 
+`setHeadlessContinationOption()` method is not used, then operation continues as normal.
+
+Note that when an option is set, it takes effect AFTER the current script completes. For example, 
+setting the continuation option to `ABORT` does __not__ immediately abort the current script; 
+instead, it aborts any processing (analysis, other scripts) that immediately follow the current 
+script.
+
+In the case where a subscript or secondary script sets an `ABORT`or `ABORT_AND_DELETE` option, that 
+option will go into effect once the primary (or outermost) script has completed execution.
+
+For a very basic example script, see _SetHeadlessContinuationOptionScript.java_, which is included 
+in the Ghidra distribution.
+
+When multiple scripts set program disposition, they are combined. Continue on to the next section
+to understand how this works.
+
+#### Using Multiple Scripts to Control Program Disposition
+While running scripts that change the program disposition, there may be instances when the program 
+disposition is changed more than once for the same program. Some cases where this could happen are:
+* when the user runs multiple pre-scripts and/or post-scripts that use 
+  `setHeadlessContinuationOption()`
+* when the user runs scripts that call sub-scripts (or secondary scripts) that use 
+  `setHeadlessContinuationOption()`
+* when the user runs a script that makes multiple calls to the `setHeadlessContinuationOption()`
+  method
+
+If there are multiple calls to `setHeadlessContinuationOption()` within a single script, the last 
+method call is used as the setting dictated by that script.
+
+However, if multiple scripts make calls to `setHeadlessContinuationOption()`, the options from each
+script are combined in a rational way (in the order the options were set) to potentially result in a
+new continuation option. 
+
+For example, if _Script1.java_ sets the continuation option (left column), then is followed by 
+_Script2.java_ which also sets the continuation option (column headers), the resulting continuation 
+status is shown in the following table:
+
+|                          | ABORT             | ABORT_AND_DELETE  | CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE | CONTINUE             |
+| ------------------------ | ----------------- | ----------------- | -------------------- | -------------------- |
+| __ABORT__                | ABORT*            | ABORT*            | ABORT*               | ABORT*               |
+| __ABORT_AND_DELETE__     | ABORT_AND_DELETE* | ABORT_AND_DELETE* | ABORT_AND_DELETE*    | ABORT_AND_DELETE*    |
+| __CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE__ | ABORT_AND_DELETE  | ABORT_AND_DELETE  | CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE | CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE |
+| __CONTINUE__             | ABORT             | ABORT_AND_DELETE  | CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE | CONTINUE             |
+
+__*NOTE:__ In cases where _Script1_ specifies `ABORT` or `ABORT_AND_DELETE`, _Script2_ will not run 
+unless _Script2_ is a subscript or secondary script called by _Script1_.
+
+Keep in mind:
+* If _Script2_ does not change the continuation option, then the status from _Script1_ will carry 
+  over.
+* An `ABORT` at the postScript stage is still meaningful in stopping further processing, since 
+  follow-on analysis may occur as a result of changes made by the postScript.
+* You can check the current continuation option by using the `getHeadlessContinuationOption()` 
+  method. For example:
+  ```java
+  HeadlessContinuationOption currentOption = getHeadlessContinuationOption();
+  ```
+  * When specifying deletion options such as `ABORT_AND_DELETE` or `CONTINUE_THEN_DELETE` in 
+     [`-process`][process] mode, be sure to include [`-okToDelete`][oktodelete] in the command line 
+     parameters to verify that deletions are allowed. This is an extra safety step to ensure 
+     programs aren't deleted when the user didn't mean to delete them.
+
+## Wildcards
+Wildcards can be used when specifying files and/or directories for [`-import`][import] mode, or when
+specifying one or more files for [`-process`][process] mode. Wildcards in [`-import`][import] mode 
+are expanded by the underlying system shell before being passed on to headless Ghidra (consequently,
+any wildcard limitations will be dictated by the specific operating system you are using). Wildcards
+in [`-process`][process] mode are expanded by headless Ghidra and are limited to the use of `*` and
+`?` only.
+
+Note that wildcarding is NOT supported for specifying the Ghidra project/repository location or 
+folder path. 
+
+Below are some general guidelines for wildcard usage:
+* [`-import`][import] mode
+  * During import, the rules for wildcard use depend on the operating system on which the Headless
+    Analyzer is being run. The operating system will expand the wildcards to a list of matching
+    files and pass the list to the Headless Analyzer.
+  * Unix-based Operating Systems allow the following wildcards:
+    * Use the `*` character to substitute for zero or more characters
+    * Use the `?` character to substitute for exactly one character
+    * Use ranges of characters enclosed in square brackets (for example, `[a-z]`) to substitute for
+      any one of the characters in that range. Negation of the characters is also allowed by using a
+      leading `!` within the brackets (i.e., `[!a-z]`).
+    * Wildcards can expand to either directories or files
+  * Windows allows the following wildcards:
+    * Use the `*` character to substitute for zero or more characters
+    * Use the `?` to substitute for one character or less
+    * Wildcards can only expand to files (directories whose names conform to the wildcard string 
+      will not be returned)
+  * When using a wildcard to specify files, be sure to use as specific of a string as possible. 
+    There may be unintended consequences to using more generalized wildcard strings, such as:
+    ```bash
+    ./analyzeHeadless /home/usr/ghidra/projects TestProj -import /home/files/n*
+    ```
+    When using a Unix-based operating system, this import specification results in not only all 
+    files in `/home/files` starting with _n_ to be imported, but also the contents of the all 
+    directories starting with _n_ to be imported (contents of those directories' subdirectories 
+    would also be imported, if the [`-recursive`][recursive] option was specified -- note  that the
+    contents of the directories starting with _n_ are not also subject to the restriction that they
+    start with _n_).
+
+* [`-process`][process] mode
+  * In process mode, the wildcard string applies only to files, not directories. The only accepted
+    wildcard characters are `*` and `?`.
+  * There are some cases where the wildcard string may be prematurely expanded by the operating 
+    system. For example, in order to run in [`-process`][process] mode over all existing project 
+    files that start with the letter _a_, one might use the following command:
+    ```bash
+    ./analyzeHeadless /home/usr/ghidra/projects TestProj -process a* -recursive
+    ```
+  * Instead of the "a*" string being passed along to be used within the Ghidra project, the shell 
+    will prematurely expand the wildcard string to match all _a_-prefixed files in the current 
+    directory. The command ends up looking like this:
+    ```bash
+    ./analyzeHeadless /home/usr/ghidra/projects TestProj -process analyzeHeadless -recursive
+    ```
+  * In order to prevent the system shell from doing this premature wildcard expansion, simply 
+    surround the wildcard string with single-quote characters:
+    ```bash
+    ./analyzeHeadless /home/usr/ghidra/projects TestProj -process 'a*' -recursive
+    ```
+
+[projectlocation]: #project_location
+[projectname]: #project_namefolder_path
+[ghidraserver]: #ghidraserverportrepository_namefolder_path
+[import]: #-import-directoryfile
+[process]: #-process-project_file
+[prescript]: #-prescript-scriptnameext-arg
+[postscript]: #-postscript-scriptnameext-arg
+[scriptpath]: #-scriptpath-path1path2
+[propertiespath]: #-propertiespath-path1path2
+[scriptlog]: #-scriptlog-path-to-script-log-file
+[log]: #-log-path-to-log-file
+[overwrite]: #-overwrite
+[recursive]: #-recursive-depth
+[readonly]: #-readonly
+[deleteproject]: #-deleteproject
+[noanalysis]: #-noanalysis
+[processor]: #-processor-languageid
+[cspec]: #-cspec-compilerspecid
+[timeout]: #-analysistimeoutperfile-timeout-in-seconds
+[keystore]: #-keystore-keystorepath
+[connect]: #-connect-userid
+[password]: #-p
+[commit]: #-commit-comment
+[oktodelete]: #-oktodelete
+[maxcpu]: #-max-cpu-max-cpu-cores-to-use
+[libarysearchpaths]: #-librarysearchpaths-path1path2
+[loader]: #-loader-desired-loader-name
+
+[headlessdispo]: #using-scripts-to-control-program-disposition
+[headlessdispomulti]: #using-multiple-scripts-to-control-program-disposition
+
+[^1]: Address must be in the form `[space:]offset`. Space is optional, and offset is a hex valuewith no leading `0x`.
+[^2]: To specify hexadecimal, use a leading `0x`.
+[^3]: Base address is in the default space and must be specified as a hexadecimal value without the leading `0x`.
+[^4]: Base address is in the default data space and must be specified as a hexadecimal value without the leading `0x`.
+      This option only applies to Harvard Architecture processors when loading relocatable ELF binaries (i.e., object modules).
\ No newline at end of file
diff --git a/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/build.gradle b/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/build.gradle
index 069dc6e3f5c..317554e26ec 100644
--- a/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/build.gradle
+++ b/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/build.gradle
@@ -28,6 +28,18 @@ rootProject.assembleDistribution {
 	}
 }
 
+rootProject.assembleMarkdownToHtml {
+	from (this.project.file("Common/support")) {
+		include "*.md"
+		into "support"
+	}
+	
+	from (this.project.file("Common/server")) {
+		include "*.md"
+		into "server"
+	}
+}
+
 rootProject.PLATFORMS.each { platform ->
 	rootProject.tasks.findAll {it.name == "assembleDistribution_${platform.name}"}.each { t -> 
 		def p = this.project
diff --git a/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/certification.manifest b/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/certification.manifest
index 288a5e62ee2..9831b1ceec6 100644
--- a/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/certification.manifest
+++ b/Ghidra/RuntimeScripts/certification.manifest
@@ -6,7 +6,7 @@ Common/server/jaas.conf||GHIDRA||||END|
 Common/server/server.conf||GHIDRA||||END|
 Common/server/svrREADME.html||GHIDRA||||END|
 Common/support/GhidraGo/ghidraGoREADME.html||GHIDRA||||END|
-Common/support/analyzeHeadlessREADME.html||GHIDRA||||END|
+Common/support/analyzeHeadlessREADME.md||GHIDRA||||END|
 Common/support/buildGhidraJarREADME.txt||GHIDRA||||END|
 Common/support/debug.log4j.xml||GHIDRA||||END|
 Common/support/gradle/gradle-wrapper.jar||Apache License 2.0||||END|
diff --git a/GhidraBuild/MarkdownSupport/build.gradle b/GhidraBuild/MarkdownSupport/build.gradle
index 68b3f5d096b..6143085dea6 100644
--- a/GhidraBuild/MarkdownSupport/build.gradle
+++ b/GhidraBuild/MarkdownSupport/build.gradle
@@ -21,4 +21,5 @@ dependencies {
 	implementation 'org.commonmark:commonmark:0.23.0'
 	implementation 'org.commonmark:commonmark-ext-heading-anchor:0.23.0'
 	implementation 'org.commonmark:commonmark-ext-footnotes:0.23.0'
+	implementation 'org.commonmark:commonmark-ext-gfm-tables:0.23.0'
 }
diff --git a/GhidraBuild/MarkdownSupport/src/main/java/ghidra/markdown/MarkdownToHtml.java b/GhidraBuild/MarkdownSupport/src/main/java/ghidra/markdown/MarkdownToHtml.java
index 0d87cbddc25..2f1d2be7102 100644
--- a/GhidraBuild/MarkdownSupport/src/main/java/ghidra/markdown/MarkdownToHtml.java
+++ b/GhidraBuild/MarkdownSupport/src/main/java/ghidra/markdown/MarkdownToHtml.java
@@ -21,6 +21,7 @@
 
 import org.commonmark.Extension;
 import org.commonmark.ext.footnotes.FootnotesExtension;
+import org.commonmark.ext.gfm.tables.*;
 import org.commonmark.ext.heading.anchor.HeadingAnchorExtension;
 import org.commonmark.node.Link;
 import org.commonmark.node.Node;
@@ -51,11 +52,12 @@ public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
 		}
 
 		// Setup the CommonMark Library with the needed extension libraries
-		List<Extension> extensions =
-			List.of(HeadingAnchorExtension.create(), FootnotesExtension.create());
+		List<Extension> extensions = List.of(HeadingAnchorExtension.create(),
+			FootnotesExtension.create(), TablesExtension.create());
 		Parser parser = Parser.builder().extensions(extensions).build();
 		HtmlRenderer renderer = HtmlRenderer.builder()
 				.extensions(extensions)
+				.attributeProviderFactory(new TableAttributeProvider())
 				.attributeProviderFactory(new LinkAttributeProvider())
 				.build();
 
@@ -73,6 +75,25 @@ public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
 		}
 	}
 
+	/**
+	 * Class to add custom style to tables
+	 */
+	private static class TableAttributeProvider
+			implements AttributeProvider, AttributeProviderFactory {
+		@Override
+		public AttributeProvider create(AttributeProviderContext attributeProviderContext) {
+			return new TableAttributeProvider();
+		}
+
+		@Override
+		public void setAttributes(Node node, String tagName, Map<String, String> attributes) {
+			if (node instanceof TableBlock || node instanceof TableCell) {
+				attributes.put("style",
+					"border: 1px solid black; border-collapse: collapse; padding: 5px;");
+			}
+		}
+	}
+
 	/**
 	 * Class to help adjust links to Markdown files to instead become links to HTML files
 	 */
```
-----------------------------------
