# Commit: 552850d2ae9201762ca45ec1582970978e07b03d
## Message: Merge remote-tracking branch 'origin/Ghidra_12.1'
## Diff:
```
diff --git a/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/ChangeHistory.md b/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/ChangeHistory.md
index 2fe6818f46a..e299551ed4e 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/ChangeHistory.md
+++ b/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/ChangeHistory.md
@@ -1,3 +1,167 @@
+# Ghidra 12.1 Change History (May 2026)
+
+### New Features
+* _Byte Viewer_. Added support for other-than-ASCII character encodings in the ByteViewer. (GP-5689)
+* _Data Types_. Added ability to merge non-conflicting structures, unions, or enums. (GP-5808, Issue #2461)
+* _Debugger:Agents_. Enabled synchronization between x64dbg and Ghidra. (GP-5972)
+* _Debugger:Time_. Added a margin bar and new BreakpointTimelinePlugin that displays breakpoint hits across the whole execution of a trace. (GP-5895)
+* _DWARF_. Added support for querying `debuginfod` servers for files. (GP-5924, Issue #8407)
+* _ELF_. Added markup for `.gnu.build.attributes` in ELF binaries. (GP-5929)
+* _GUI_. Updated the Data Type Manager provider to remember the program archive's selected data type when switching between program tabs. (GP-2370)
+* _GUI_. Added a __Hide Filter__ action for Tables and Trees.  This action can be bound to the `Escape` key to close the filter. (GP-6336, Issue #8771)
+* _GUI_. Updated the __Find References__ action to appear in tables that have addresses. (GP-6365, Issue #8899)
+* _Importer:Trace_. Added a loader for Tenet trace files. (GP-6382)
+* _Processors_. Added the Hexagon Language module with modified instruction syntax.  Modified syntax was used to better fit Ghidra's mnemonic/operand Listing API.  This processor also introduces the first use of Ghidra's Sleigh `crossbuild` feature which is used for weaving pcode for parallel processor architectures such as the Hexagon. (GP-6621, Issue #1595)
+* _Scripting_. Added `AddVfunctionCallRefScript`, which, if the cursor is on a vftable->function token in the Decompiler, will create a CALL reference to the associated function in the Listing, if it can be determined. (GP-6693)
+* _Search_. Added the ability to scan using the results from one progam rebased on another. (GP-6260)
+
+### Improvements
+* _Analysis_. More Swift type metadata has been marked up. (GP-6281)
+* _Analysis_. Improved Golang analyzer to handle some obfuscation techniques. (GP-6291, Issue #8804)
+* _Analysis_. Improved Objective-C analysis with such things as providing `msgSend` support. (GP-6327, Issue #5938)
+* _Basic Infrastructure_. Environment variables can now be set in `launch.properties` using `ENVVARS=` or `ENVVARS_[PLATFORM]=`. (GP-6193)
+* _Basic Infrastructure_. Ghidra's maximum heap size can now be set via external environment variables.  See each of the various launch shell scripts for usage information. (GP-6213)
+* _Basic Infrastructure_. Ghidra's Java options (system properties) can now be set via external environment variables.  See each of the various launch shell scripts for usage information. (GP-6350, Issue #4960, #8885, #8942)
+* _Basic Infrastructure_. Upgraded JDOM to 2.0.6.1. (GP-6370)
+* _Basic Infrastructure_. Fixed an issue that occurred when expanding environment variables that contained regular expression characters in `launch.properties`. (GP-6704, Issue #9061)
+* _Build_. Ghidra can now be built on Windows on ARM (requires Gradle 9.2 or later). (GP-6126)
+* _Data Types_. Change was made which consistently allows duplicate component/field naming within Structure/Union datatypes.  When editing a name within the GUI, the user will be warned and must confirm use of a duplicate name. (GP-3564, Issue #5249)
+* _Data Types_. A datatype which gets removed will no longer attempt to update itself as a result of dependency changes.  This may reduce the number of superfluous listener callbacks and events that occur during the removal process. (GP-5882)
+* _Debugger_. Added parameter for custom arguments to gdb/lldb. (GP-6112, Issue #8565)
+* _Debugger_. Better available lists are provided for gdb/lldb. (GP-6273, Issue #8711)
+* _Debugger_. Added remote option for x64dbg. (GP-6401, Issue #8929)
+* _Debugger_. Added the ability to launch lldb/gdb from Windows via ssh targeting Windows on the remote machine. (GP-6423)
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. Provided GUI additions to expose Emulator Taint. (GP-6129)
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. Created `Save` state for Emulator, as the choice of Emulator was not being saved. (GP-6163)
+* _Debugger:LLDB_. Created new launcher for android attach. (GP-6174, Issue #6386, #8225)
+* _Debugger:LLDB_. Rerunning the target in lldb is now allowed. (GP-6422, Issue #8945)
+* _Debugger:LLDB_. Added the ability to attach to _available_ process for lldb. (GP-6474)
+* _Debugger:Time_. Provided better color management for Time overviews. (GP-6440)
+* _Decompiler_. The Decompiler now displays structure bitfields in expressions. (GP-2493, Issue #647)
+* _Decompiler_. Extended Abstract Interpretation logic to high pcode. (GP-5921)
+* _Decompiler_. The display format for integer case labels can now be set for individual switch statements from the Decompiler window. (GP-5922, Issue #4438, #8196, #8726)
+* _Decompiler_. Added a Decompiler action to toggle the __Disable printing of type casts__ option. (GP-6199, Issue #7452)
+* _Decompiler_. Added setter methods to the DecompilerOptions class.  These can be used by script writers to control the Decompiler's behavior. (GP-6266, Issue #8812)
+* _Demangler_. Created Output options for Microsoft Demangler that control output of anonymous namespace encoding and control the emitting of tags for user-defined types when found as template or function arguments. (GP-4901)
+* _Demangler_. Updated the Rust Demangler to use code ported from the official Rust-based Demangler. (GP-6108, Issue #8609)
+* _Demangler_. Updated the Gnu Demangler v2.24 to support the `static` modifier for functions. (GP-6394)
+* _Emulator_. Introduced a default `LOCK` userop definition for x86, and a default `ExclusiveMonitorPass` for ARM, as well as for other userops and processors. (GP-4241, Issue #6089, #7495)
+* _Emulator:JIT_. Optimized handling of multi-precision integers; i.e., varnodes of size greater than 8 bytes. (GP-5980)
+* _Function Compare_. Fixed the Function Comparison provider so that it saves changes made to the Listing View fields.  The provider will now also remember the last view tab selected. (GP-6016)
+* _GUI_. Added a Data Type Manager action to search for enums by value. (GP-1914)
+* _GUI_. Added popup menu items __Close Other__, __Close Tabs to the Right__, and __Close Tabs to the Left__ to docking window tabs. (GP-4961)
+* _GUI_. Added namespace chooser to Add/Edit Label Dialog. (GP-5806, Issue #8263)
+* _GUI_. Changed the Log Viewer to a window instead of a dialog so that it can be maximized. (GP-6044)
+* _GUI_. Added a __Find All__ button in the Find Dialog used in many component providers. (GP-6076)
+* _GUI_. Updated the Listing Snapshots to include the Flow Arrows, Margin Markers, and Overview Markers. (GP-6085, Issue #8601)
+* _GUI_. Added an action to the Symbol Tree to allow users to toggle outgoing navigation events. (GP-6101, Issue #8618)
+* _GUI_. Added a generic __Mem Source__ table column to assist in filtering compatible tables based on the source from where the memory addresses originated. (GP-6147, Issue #8548)
+* _GUI_. Added a `modify()` method to the Annotation class so clients can perform their own annotation transformations. (GP-6451, Issue #8928)
+* _Importer_. The `ElfLoader` can now recognize Swift and golang binaries. (GP-3960, Issue #8795)
+* _Importer_. The `NeLoader` can now load binaries that used Phar Lap’s 286/DOS-Extender. (GP-6537, Issue #1905, #2493)
+* _Importer:PE_. The PE loader now sets up thunk functions for export forwarders. (GP-5900)
+* _Importer:PE_. The PE Dynamic Value Relocation Table (DVRT) is now parsed and marked up. (GP-6502)
+* _Jython_. Jython support is now delivered as a Ghidra Extension, which means an extra step is required to install it. If Jython is required, the user should simply go to __File -> Install Extensions__ in the Ghidra Front End GUI and check __Jython__. The user must restart Ghidra to complete the enablement of Jython. (GP-6754)
+* _Languages_. More Swift type metadata has been parsed and marked up. (GP-6137, Issue #8607)
+* _Listing_. Added a feature to allow function bodies to be closed in the Listing. (GP-5987)
+* _Listing_. Changed offcut string references to use the existing non-default label at the string beginning instead of the default name created from the string's offcut location. If no label is defined, the default offcut string naming scheme is used (`s_[substring]` instead of `[label name]+offset`). (GP-6345, Issue #8882)
+* _Multi-User_. Improved Ghidra Server serialization filters and added serialization filters to client-side Ghidra applications.  We may have missed something in our testing so let us know if you encounter an `InvalidClassException`.  The log will identify a class which fails to pass the filter rules. (GP-6719)
+* _Processors_. Corrected behavior of ARM thumb `branchWritePC` macro (GP-6333, Issue #8585)
+* _Processors_. Added `maximumInstructionLength` language property in support of `inst_next2` use. (GP-6613, Issue #8941)
+* _Processors_. Corrected operand order for MIPS162e `movn` and `movz` instructions (GP-6766)
+* _Project_. Expanded on the set of allowed special characters for a local Ghidra project path name to include the following: `'.'`, `'-'`, `'='`, `'@'`, `' '`, `'_'`, `'('`, `')'`, `'['`, `']'`, and `'~'`. (GP-6681)
+* _PyGhidra_. PyGhidra will now, by default, restore `sys.modules` to its prior state after a PyGhidra script is run (or the interactive interpreter is reset) so the next time a script is run, it freshly loads all of its imported modules again. This default behavior can be disabled by setting the `pyghidra.sys.modules.restore.disable` Java system property to true, which can be done in the `support/launch.properties` file. (GP-6288)
+* _Scripting_. Made some improvements to the `RecoverClassesFromRTTIScript` for GCC programs. (GP-6670)
+* _Search_. Fixed an issue where some matches were not found when doing a regular expression search using the regex _lookbehind_ clause. (GP-6070)
+* _Search_. Updated MemoryBytePatternSearcher to correctly handle mapped blocks. (GP-6308)
+* _Sleigh_. Fixed the Sleigh `goto` statement to accept 64-bit literals. Added range-checking for literals in Sleigh compiler. This fixes an Emulator issue where edits to the `pc` register were truncated to 32 bits. (GP-6328, Issue #8875)
+* _Symbol Table_. In the Symbol Table's __Symbol References__ table, the user can now select multiple refs in the refs table to delete more than one reference at a time.  There is also a new action in the Symbol Table popup action to allow the user to delete all references to a symbol, found under __References -> Delete All__.  Finally, there is a new __Make Selection__ action in the popup menu of the References Table to select, in the Listing, all references to a symbol. (GP-6430)
+* _Testing_. Upgraded jacoco to 0.8.14. (GP-6504)
+* _Version Tracking_. Improved Version Tracking so that when applying `thiscall` function signatures, the source's class structure is copied to the destination program, if appropriate, given the chosen apply options. (GP-5709, Issue #8127)
+* _Version Tracking_. Updated Version Tracking to allow replacing of existing function label namespaces. (GP-5996)
+
+### Bugs
+* _Analysis_. Added support for Windows DLLs generated by Golang. (GP-6325)
+* _Analysis_. Corrected `AutoAnalysisManger.removeCancelledListenter()` to call `removeCancelledListener()` instead of incorrectly calling `addCancelledListener()`.  This addresses a potential memory leak within Ghidra. (GP-6789)
+* _BSim_. Improved string sanitization in PostgresFunctionDatabase.java. (GP-6722)
+* _BSim_. Escaped values used to create BSim filters. (GP-6736)
+* _Build_. Gradle 9 no longer fails when passed the `--parallel` command line argument. (GP-6385, Issue #8621, #8622)
+* _Byte Viewer_. Fixed a bug in the Byte Viewer where the last byte in the program could not be selected in some views. (GP-6178)
+* _Byte Viewer_. Changed the Byte Viewer to give a visual clue (foreground color is gray) when a multi-byte value spans adjacent memory blocks. (GP-6184)
+* _Byte Viewer_. Fixed a minor alignment issue in Byte Viewer when a column could not populate the first line of a memory block. (GP-6204)
+* _Byte Viewer_. Updated the Byte Viewer's configure options dialog to handle programs with no minimum address. (GP-6227, Issue #8762, #8763)
+* _Data Types_. The Data Type Tree's __Associate with Archive__ action is now only available for selected Program datatypes.  A normal copy or datatype drag-n-drop may still be used between all datatype archives. (GP-6362)
+* _Data Types_. Corrected Structure Editor __Unpackage Component__ action which was misplacing components. (GP-6574, Issue #9041)
+* _Data Types_. Corrected Structure `insertAtOffset` behavior when inserting at an offset which precedes a zero-length component. (GP-6576)
+* _Data Types_. Corrected upgrade failure which can occur for Project Data Type Archives. (GP-6649)
+* _Data Types_. Fixed the script that parses UEFI header files for extracting data types. (GP-6690)
+* _Debugger_. Fixed bug in the tree logic encountered when searching for an appropriate Trace Object. (GP-6173, Issue #8702)
+* _Debugger_. Fixed a hang in the Debugger UI when closing a session under certain conditions. (GP-6299)
+* _Debugger_. Provided a fix to allow register queries for non-active threads. (GP-6375, Issue #8903)
+* _Debugger_. Fixed an error where breakpoints were ineffective for x64dbg. (GP-6468, Issue #8989)
+* _Debugger_. Fixed bugs in x64dbg write methods. (GP-6482, Issue #9003)
+* _Debugger:Agents_. Provided better end-of-life story for the x64dbg agent. (GP-6148)
+* _Debugger:Agents_. Changed Debugger defaults to listen on localhost rather than all interfaces. (GP-6716)
+* _Debugger:Breakpoints_. Fixed a `ClosedException` in the logical breakpoint serivce. (GP-6572, Issue #8904)
+* _Debugger:dbgeng.dll_. Handlers should not force break. They now return `DEBUG_STATUS_NO_CHANGE`. (GP-6190, Issue #8738)
+* _Debugger:dbgeng.dll_. Added python handlers for dbgeng. (GP-6374)
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. Fixed an issue where AUX emulators, e.g., the Taint Emulator, did not recognize the `emu_*` userops in injections. (GP-6018)
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. Better default behavior for Z3 plugin is provided, especially upon removal. (GP-6312)
+* _Decompiler_. Updated the Decompiler's __Set Equate__ action to not prompt users twice. (GP-6205, Issue #8736)
+* _Decompiler_. Fixed a bug in the Decompiler when analyzing expressions of the form `val & bitmask >> const != 0`. (GP-6318, Issue #8717, #8718)
+* _Decompiler_. Fixed infinite loop triggered during multistage jumptable analysis. (GP-6610, Issue #8968)
+* _Decompiler_. Updated the Decompiler to not re-decompile when creating a snapshot of the current function. (GP-6629)
+* _Demangler_. Updated the legacy GnuDemangler v2.24 to handle qualifiers being used along with the `F` character. (GP-6363)
+* _Emulator_. Fixed crash issue that occurred if a script, userop, or similar ever called `state.getVar()` with size of 0. (GP-6654)
+* _Emulator:JIT_. Fixed several bugs discovered when converting `EmuX86GccDeobfuscateHookExampleScript`. (GP-6397)
+* _Emulator:JIT_. Fixed a bug in multi-precision-integer-addition code generation. (GP-6457)
+* _Function_. Corrected possible exception within Function Editor when applying simple parameter renames made within table. (GP-6746)
+* _GUI_. Fixed table header not painting edges on the Windows theme. (GP-6053, Issue #8564)
+* _GUI_. Fixed a keyboard focus issue related to modal dialogs. (GP-6069, Issue #8571)
+* _GUI_. Updated the __Choose Data Type__ action to use the actual data type at the current location instead of the base data type. (GP-6192, Issue #8734)
+* _GUI_. Updated Program Tabs to better show the current active program. (GP-6323)
+* _GUI_. Fixed stack trace in Symbol Tree when converting a Namespace to a Class. (GP-6326, Issue #8869)
+* _GUI_. Improved the appearance of the Script Quick Launch dialog. (GP-6335, Issue #8759)
+* _GUI_. Fixed key bindings that use the `Alt` key so that the right `Alt` key works in addition to the left `Alt` key.  This is now an option that can be disabled for users that prefer to keep the right `Alt` key independent of the left `Alt` key. (GP-6450, Issue #8205, #8969)
+* _GUI_. Fixed Add/Edit Label behavior on symbol names that contain the `"::"` namespace separator. (GP-6488)
+* _GUI_. Fixed a bug in the Listing open-union display that caused a `NullPointerException`. (GP-6536)
+* _GUI_. Corrected behavior of Function Call Tree when traversing thunk functions. (GP-6653)
+* _GUI_. Fixed Data Type Manager filter bugs. (GP-6749)
+* _GUI_. Fixed __Save As__ dialog not allowing users to select a folder. (GP-6756)
+* _Listing_. Fixed a bug where files were not marked as having unsaved changes in the Listing tabs after performing __Analyze All Open__ action. (GP-5953)
+* _Logging_. Fixed a bug that prevented GhidraScript output from being directed to either the default or user-specified `script.log` file. (GP-6532)
+* _Memory_. Corrected various issues related to improper use of Addresses from one program in another program's AddressMap. (GP-6150)
+* _Multi-User_. Corrected potential security concern with Ghidra Server PKI Authentication.  If using PKI Authentication mode (`-a2`) for the server install, the user should upgrade the server.  See reported Ghidra GitHub Pull Request #9109 for more details. (GP-6678, Issue #9109)
+* _Processors_. Fixed ARM `ldrsh.w` and `ldrsb.w` instruction semantics. (GP-4651, Issue #6564)
+* _Processors_. Reworded Tricore processor description. (GP-5243, Issue #7170)
+* _Processors_. Corrected AVR32 `ICALL` instruction behavior when `rd0` is the `LR` register. (GP-5306, Issue #5718)
+* _Processors_. Corrected the signed offset parameter of PowerPC `LQ` instruction (GP-5508, Issue #6827)
+* _Processors_. Fixed disassembly for ARM Neon `vmvn` and `vmov` immediate instructions. (GP-5849, Issue #8319)
+* _Processors_. Added support for CIP-51 microprocessor variant of the 8051 language. (GP-6000, Issue #8130)
+* _Processors_. Added several missing ARM v8m instructions. (GP-6145, Issue #8652)
+* _Processors_. Corrected PIC-18 disassembly for certain addressing modes when the destination operand is a banked register. (GP-6591, Issue #9051)
+* _Processors_. Corrected disassembly error with ARM neon `vmov.i32` instruction (GP-6750)
+* _Project_. Eliminated the maximum 60-character length naming restriction imposed on various Ghidra elements, including: project name, repository name,  project archive filename, and Ghidra tool config names.  Efforts have been made to allow for the use of foreign-language-naming of these elements.  Support for Ghidra projects stored on a Windows UNC shared drive has also been added. (GP-6402, Issue #8731)
+* _Search_. Fixed __Context__-column-sorting in the __Find References__ results table. (GP-6421, Issue #8943)
+* _Version Tracking_. Fixed a Version Tracking oversight that would not correctly replace return types or parameter types when the __Replace If Undefined__ option was set and the datatype to replace was an undefined pointer. (GP-5722)
+
+### Notable API Changes
+* _API_. (GP-6039) Revised `ProgramUtilities.parseAddress(Program, String)` to handle the parsing of external addresses (e.g., `EXTERNAL:000000100`).  Support for memory block style addresses has been eliminated for this method (e.g., `<blockName>:<offsetWithinAddressSpace>`).  Memory block style addresses should not be used.
+* _Basic Infrastructure_. (GP-6370) `GenericXMLOutputter` is now instantiated with a static `getInstance()` method rather than a constructor.
+* _Byte Viewer_. (GP-5689) ByteViewer's `DataFormatModel.replaceValue()` has been moved to the new `MutableDataFormatModel` interface, and `DataFormatModel.isEditable()` has been removed.  `DataFormatModel.validateBytesPerLine()` has been replaced with `validateByteViewerConfigOptions()`.  `DataFormatModel.setByteViewerConfigOptions()` has been added and `(get/set)GroupSize()` has been removed.
+* _Data Types_. (GP-3564) Eliminated throwing `DuplicateNameException` from `DataTypeComponent.setFieldName`.   Added `Composite.findComponent(String name)` and `Composite.findComponents(String name)` API methods.
+* _Debugger:dbgeng.dll_. (GP-6190) `dbgeng` handlers return `DEBUG_STATUS_NO_CHANGE`.
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. (GP-6129) PcodeOp was added to many Emulator methods.
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. (GP-6131) Managers in the `Trace` API now permit operating directly on register overlay spaces, where applicable.
+* _Debugger:Emulator_. (GP-6159) Removed `PcodeUseropDefinition.execute(PcodeExecutor, PcodeUseropLibrary, Varnode, List)` in favor of one taking `PcodeOp` as well.
+* _Emulator_. (GP-4241) Converted each now-deprecated `XxxEmulateInstructionStateModifer` to a `XxxPcodeUseropLibraryFactory`.
+* _Emulator_. (GP-6158) `AnnotatedPcodeUseropLibrary` now allows static methods to be marked `@PcodeUserop`. Both interpretation and JIT emulators can invoke them.
+* _Emulator_. (GP-6234) Deprecated `EmulatorHelper` and related.
+* _GUI_. (GP-6451) Added a `modify()` method to the Annotation class so clients can perform their own annotation transformations.
+* _Project_. (GP-6402) Overhauled GhidraURL utility class which now uses URI to generate URLs to ensure that proper encoding and decoding is performed.  Added `GhidaURL.resolve` method which simplifies creating a new Ghidra URL derived from another Ghidra URL to the same project or repository.
+* _Search_. (GP-6261) Various classes related to searching memory for byte patterns have been changed to use generics to make them generally more useful.
+* _Search_. (GP-6309) `SequenceSearchState` is renamed to `BulkPatternSearcher` and its API has changed. Also, it and related classes have been changed to use generics and support different kinds of patterns.
+
 # Ghidra 12.0.4 Change History (March 2026)
 
 ### Improvements
diff --git a/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/WhatsNew.md b/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/WhatsNew.md
index 675401a442c..051f9972e38 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/WhatsNew.md
+++ b/Ghidra/Configurations/Public_Release/src/global/docs/WhatsNew.md
@@ -19,12 +19,16 @@ vulnerabilities in networks and systems.
 This release includes new features, enhancements, performance improvements, quite a few bug fixes,
 and many pull-request contributions. Thanks to all those who have contributed their time, thoughts,
 and code. The Ghidra user community thanks you too!
-	
+
 ### The not-so-fine print: Please Read!
 Ghidra 12.1 is fully backward compatible with project data from previous releases. However, programs
 and data type archives which are created or modified in 12.1 will not be usable by an earlier Ghidra
 version.
 
+**IMPORTANT:** Jython support is not supported by default but is included with the release as an extension.
+An extra step is required to install it.  If you have Ghidra Jython scripts, you must either install the
+Jython Extension, convert your scripts to Python and run with PyGhidra, or convert your scripts to JAVA.
+
 **IMPORTANT:** Ghidra 12.1 requires, at minimum, JDK 21 to run.
 
 **IMPORTANT:** To use the Debugger or do a full source distribution build, you will need Python3
@@ -43,16 +47,6 @@ libraries and operating systems (e.g., CentOS 7.x) may also run into compatibili
 launching native executables such as the Decompiler and GNU Demangler which may necessitate a 
 rebuild of native components.
 
-**NOTE:** Ghidra Server: The Ghidra 12.1 server is compatible with Ghidra 11.3.2 and later Ghidra
-clients, although the presence of any newer link-files within a repository may not be handled properly
-by client versions prior to 12.0 which lack support for the new storage format.  Ghidra 12.1 clients
-that introduce new link-files into a project will not be able to add such files into version 
-control if connected to older Ghidra Server versions.
-
-**NOTE:** Ghidra Server: Due to potential Java version differences, it is 
-recommended that Ghidra Server installations older than 10.2 be upgraded. Those using 10.2 and newer
-should not need a server upgrade unless they need to work with link-files within a shared repository.
-	
 **NOTE:** Programs imported with a Ghidra beta version or code built directly from source code
 outside of a release tag may not be compatible, and may have flaws that won't be corrected by using
 this new release.  Any programs analyzed from a beta or other local master source build should be
@@ -64,6 +58,30 @@ process that will provide better results than prior Ghidra versions.  You might
 fresh import of any program you will continue to reverse engineer to see if the latest Ghidra 
 provides better results.
 
+**NOTE:** Ghidra Server: The Ghidra 12.1 server is compatible with older Ghidra 11.3.2 clients and 
+later, although the presence of any newer link-files within a repository may not be handled properly
+by client versions prior to 12.0, which lack support for the newer storage format.  Ghidra 12.1 clients
+require Ghidra Server version 12.1/12.0.5 or newer compatible version. 
+
+**NOTE:** Ghidra Server: Due to security fixes made to Ghidra and the Ghidra Server it is highly
+recommended that older installation versions be updated to this latest release.
+	
+## Security Related Fixes
+
+### RMI Serialization Filter Improvements
+RMI Serialization filters for the Ghidra Server have been tightened and similar filters have been
+added to Ghidra client applications which may communicate with a Ghidra Server.  Please report
+any unexpected *InvalidClassException* errors, which may occur, to the Ghidra team.  If this does occur,
+please check your Ghidra Server or application log files for entries which indicate any filter
+rejections and the name of the offending class.
+
+### Ghidra Server - PKI Authentication Vulnerability
+For those Ghidra Server deployments which utilize PKI Authentication mode (-a2), a logic bug 
+within the authentication callback to the server could allow an attacker to  authenticate as a 
+different user without having access to their private key.  Prior to completing the forged 
+authentication callback, the attacker would still need to successfully complete a fully authenticated 
+TLS connection with the Ghidra Server based on the installed Certificate Authorities (CAs).
+
 ## Bitfields
 The Decompiler now recovers and displays the names of **bitfield** components in structured 
 data-types, when analyzing code that manipulates them.
@@ -90,7 +108,7 @@ Where possible, calls to `_objc_msgSend()` and its variations (including `_objc_
 have been overridden to reference the actual target method (if discoverable), which results in a
 much more user-friendly decompilation.
 
-Additionally, a variety of AARCH64 call fixups have been implemented which further clean up 
+Additionally, a variety of AARCH64 call-fixups have been implemented which further clean up 
 decompilation, hiding much of the noise that things like Automatic Reference Counting (ARC) can 
 generate.
 
@@ -117,6 +135,13 @@ other sources, such as PDB.  There is currently no simple way to try to match th
 encoded form; thus, using the encoded form can also create bifurcation in the namespace.
 
 ## Processors
+Added the Hexagon Processor module.  The instruction syntax is modified from the Hexagon manual to better
+fit Ghidra's mnemonic and operand Listing API.  This processor also introduces the first use of Ghidra's
+Sleigh **crossbuild** feature which is used for weaving pcode for parallel processor architectures such
+as the Hexagon.
+
+There have been a significant number of missing/extension instructions added to the ARM, AARCH64,
+and X86 processors.  Additionally since 12.0 there a myriad of processor specification bugs have been fixed.
 
 ## Jython Extension
 Jython support is now delivered as a Ghidra Extension, which means an extra step is required to 
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/analysis/AutoAnalysisManager.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/analysis/AutoAnalysisManager.java
index 1a0a9fb5869..cfe711893eb 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/analysis/AutoAnalysisManager.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/analysis/AutoAnalysisManager.java
@@ -1552,7 +1552,7 @@ public void addCancelledListener(CancelledListener listener) {
 
 		@Override
 		public void removeCancelledListener(CancelledListener listener) {
-			primaryMonitor.addCancelledListener(listener);
+			primaryMonitor.removeCancelledListener(listener);
 		}
 
 		@Override
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/GhidraServer/src/main/java/ghidra/server/remote/GhidraServer.java b/Ghidra/Features/GhidraServer/src/main/java/ghidra/server/remote/GhidraServer.java
index 927caf738e9..0b47bb36b77 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/GhidraServer/src/main/java/ghidra/server/remote/GhidraServer.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/GhidraServer/src/main/java/ghidra/server/remote/GhidraServer.java
@@ -243,15 +243,15 @@ public Callback[] getAuthenticationCallbacks() throws RemoteException {
 	}
 
 	@Override
-	public void checkCompatibility(int minServerInterfaceVersion) throws RemoteException {
-		if (minServerInterfaceVersion > INTERFACE_VERSION) {
+	public void checkCompatibility(int clientInterfaceVersion) throws RemoteException {
+		if (clientInterfaceVersion > SERVER_INTERFACE_VERSION) {
 			throw new RemoteException(
 				"Incompatible server interface, a newer Ghidra Server version is required.");
 		}
-		else if (minServerInterfaceVersion < MINIMUM_INTERFACE_VERSION) {
+		else if (clientInterfaceVersion < SERVER_MIN_CLIENT_INTERFACE_VERSION) {
 			throw new RemoteException(
 				"Incompatible server interface, the minimum supported Ghidra version is " +
-					MIN_GHIDRA_VERSION);
+					ALT_GHIDRA_BIND_VERSION);
 		}
 	}
 
@@ -620,9 +620,18 @@ else if (s.startsWith("-i")) {  // setting server bind address
 				}
 				try {
 					bindAddress = InetAddress.getByName(bindIp);
+					if (NetworkInterface.getByInetAddress(bindAddress) == null) {
+						System.err.println("Unknown -i interface bind address: " + bindIp);
+						System.exit(-1);
+					}
 				}
 				catch (UnknownHostException e) {
-					System.err.println("Unknown server interface bind address: " + bindIp);
+					System.err.println("Invalid -i interface bind address: " + bindIp);
+					System.exit(-1);
+				}
+				catch (SocketException e) {
+					System.err.println(
+						"Failed to resolve -i interface bind address: " + e.getMessage());
 					System.exit(-1);
 				}
 			}
@@ -871,9 +880,20 @@ public ServerSocket createServerSocket(int port) throws IOException {
 
 			Registry registry = LocateRegistry.createRegistry(
 				ServerPortFactory.getRMIRegistryPort(), clientSocketFactory, serverSocketFactory);
+
+			StringBuilder bindVersions = new StringBuilder(" (");
+			bindVersions.append(GHIDRA_BIND_VERSION);
 			registry.bind(BIND_NAME, svr);
 
-			log.info("Registered Ghidra Server.");
+			if (!BIND_NAME.equals(ALT_BIND_NAME)) {
+				// Include alternate binding in support of older Ghidra client versions
+				bindVersions.append(", ");
+				bindVersions.append(ALT_GHIDRA_BIND_VERSION);
+				registry.bind(ALT_BIND_NAME, svr);
+			}
+			bindVersions.append(")");
+
+			log.info("Registered Ghidra Server" + bindVersions);
 
 		}
 		catch (Throwable t) {
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/client/RepositoryServerAdapter.java b/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/client/RepositoryServerAdapter.java
index 30c7471d8c5..963dc5fdd43 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/client/RepositoryServerAdapter.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/client/RepositoryServerAdapter.java
@@ -199,7 +199,7 @@ public synchronized boolean connect() throws NotConnectedException {
 				lastConnectError = t;
 			}
 			Msg.showError(this, null, "Server Error",
-				"An error occurred on the server (" + serverInfoStr + ").\n" + msg, e);
+				"An error occurred on the server (" + serverInfoStr + ").\n" + msg);
 		}
 		catch (IOException e) {
 			String err = e.getMessage();
@@ -208,8 +208,8 @@ public synchronized boolean connect() throws NotConnectedException {
 			}
 			String msg = err != null ? err : e.toString();
 			Msg.showError(this, null, "Server Error",
-				"An error occurred while connecting to the server (" + serverInfoStr + ").\n" + msg,
-				e);
+				"An error occurred while connecting to the server (" + serverInfoStr + ").\n" +
+					msg);
 		}
 		throw new NotConnectedException("Not connected to repository server", lastConnectError);
 	}
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/client/ServerConnectTask.java b/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/client/ServerConnectTask.java
index a7353c68649..87de89dc07a 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/client/ServerConnectTask.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/client/ServerConnectTask.java
@@ -175,7 +175,7 @@ public static GhidraServerHandle getGhidraServerHandle(ServerInfo server, TaskMo
 			gsh = (GhidraServerHandle) reg.lookup(GhidraServerHandle.BIND_NAME);
 
 			// Check interface compatibility with the minimum supported version
-			gsh.checkCompatibility(GhidraServerHandle.MINIMUM_INTERFACE_VERSION);
+			gsh.checkCompatibility(GhidraServerHandle.MIN_CLIENT_INTERFACE_VERSION);
 		}
 		catch (NotBoundException e) {
 			throw new IOException(e.getMessage());
@@ -420,29 +420,32 @@ private static Certificate[] testServerSSLConnection(ServerInfo server, TaskMoni
 		}
 	}
 
-	private static void checkServerBindNames(Registry reg) throws RemoteException {
+	private static void checkServerBindNames(Registry reg) throws IOException {
 
-		String requiredVersion = GhidraServerHandle.MIN_GHIDRA_VERSION;
+		String requiredVersion = GhidraServerHandle.GHIDRA_BIND_VERSION;
 		if (!Application.getApplicationVersion().startsWith(requiredVersion)) {
 			requiredVersion = requiredVersion + " - " + Application.getApplicationVersion();
 		}
+		requiredVersion += " (or possibly newer)";
 
 		String[] regList = reg.list();
-		RemoteException exc = null;
+		IOException exc = null;
 		int badVerCount = 0;
 
+		String version = null;
 		for (String name : regList) {
 			if (name.equals(GhidraServerHandle.BIND_NAME)) {
 				return; // found it
 			}
 			else if (name.startsWith(GhidraServerHandle.BIND_NAME_PREFIX)) {
-				String version = name.substring(GhidraServerHandle.BIND_NAME_PREFIX.length());
+				// NOTE: We only report one version even if server has multiple bindings
+				version = name.substring(GhidraServerHandle.BIND_NAME_PREFIX.length());
 				if (version.length() == 0) {
 					version = "4.3.x (or older)";
 				}
-				exc = new RemoteException(
-					"Incompatible Ghidra Server interface, detected interface version " + version +
-						",\nthis client requires server version " + requiredVersion);
+				exc = new IOException(
+					"Incompatible Ghidra Server - detected interface version " + version +
+						".\nThis client requires server version " + requiredVersion);
 				++badVerCount;
 			}
 		}
@@ -450,11 +453,11 @@ else if (name.startsWith(GhidraServerHandle.BIND_NAME_PREFIX)) {
 			if (badVerCount == 1) {
 				throw exc;
 			}
-			throw new RemoteException("Incompatible Ghidra Server interface, detected " +
-				badVerCount + " incompatible server versions" +
-				",\nthis client requires server version " + requiredVersion);
+			throw new IOException("Incompatible Ghidra Server - detected " +
+				badVerCount + " incompatible server versions." +
+				"\nThis client requires server version " + requiredVersion);
 		}
-		throw new RemoteException("Ghidra Server not found.");
+		throw new IOException("Ghidra Server not found.");
 	}
 
 }
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/remote/GhidraServerHandle.java b/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/remote/GhidraServerHandle.java
index f1e6e0c10b2..b2672867db8 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/remote/GhidraServerHandle.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/FileSystem/src/main/java/ghidra/framework/remote/GhidraServerHandle.java
@@ -52,23 +52,53 @@ public interface GhidraServerHandle extends Remote {
 	 *         unchanged allowing 9.1 clients to connect to 9.0 server.
 	 *   12: Revised RepositoryFile serialization to facilitate support for text-data used
 	 *       for link-file storage (12.0).
+	 *   13: Client-side serialization filters have been implemented and server-side thrown
+	 *       exceptions reduced to be compliant with client-side filters.  Server still
+	 *       supports older clients back to interface version 11.  Server may now BIND
+	 *       to the RMI registery with two different names if needed.
 	 */
 
 	/**
-	 * The server interface version that the server will use and is the maximum version that the
-	 * client can operate with.
+	 * The server interface version that the server implements.  This corresponds to the maximum 
+	 * supported client interface version.
 	 */
-	public static final int INTERFACE_VERSION = 12;
+	public static final int SERVER_INTERFACE_VERSION = 13;
 
 	/**
 	 * The minimum server interface version that the client can operate with.
 	 */
-	public static final int MINIMUM_INTERFACE_VERSION = 11;
+	public static final int MIN_CLIENT_INTERFACE_VERSION = 13;
 
 	/**
-	 * Minimum version of Ghidra which utilized the current INTERFACE_VERSION
+	 * The minimum interface version that the server will support for older client versions.  
+	 * When this version is less than {@link #MIN_CLIENT_INTERFACE_VERSION} it allows the following:
+	 * <ul>
+	 * <li>Older ghidra client versions can continue using the current server version, while</li>
+	 * <li>Current ghidra clients version cannot use an older version server.</li>
+	 * </ul>
+	 * When this version differs from {@link #MIN_CLIENT_INTERFACE_VERSION} the server will bind two
+	 * both {@link #BIND_NAME} and {@value #ALT_BIND_NAME}.
+	 * <p>
+	 * NOTE: It is important that the server authentication interface not be modified between this
+	 * version and {@value #MIN_CLIENT_INTERFACE_VERSION}.
 	 */
-	public static final String MIN_GHIDRA_VERSION = "9.0";
+	public static final int SERVER_MIN_CLIENT_INTERFACE_VERSION = 11;
+
+	/**
+	 * The server BIND version which the Ghidra client can communicate with.  
+	 * This corresponds to {@value #MIN_CLIENT_INTERFACE_VERSION}.
+	 */
+	public static final String GHIDRA_BIND_VERSION = "12.0.5";
+
+	/**
+	 * Minimum version of a Ghidra client release which can communicate with the current 
+	 * Ghidra Server.  This corresponds to {@value #SERVER_MIN_CLIENT_INTERFACE_VERSION}
+	 * and {@link #ALT_BIND_NAME}.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This version is used only by the server only in publishing an alternate BIND name and
+	 * identifies the oldest Ghidra client version that may connect.
+	 */
+	public static final String ALT_GHIDRA_BIND_VERSION = "9.0";
 
 	/**
 	 * Default RMI base port for Ghidra Server
@@ -81,13 +111,21 @@ public interface GhidraServerHandle extends Remote {
 	static final String BIND_NAME_PREFIX = "GhidraServer";
 
 	/**
-	 * RMI registry binding name for the supported version of the remote GhidraServerHandle object.
+	 * Primary RMI registry binding name for the remote GhidraServerHandle object.
+	 * This BIND name is used by both the server and client.
+	 */
+	static final String BIND_NAME = BIND_NAME_PREFIX + GHIDRA_BIND_VERSION;
+
+	/**
+	 * Alternate RMI registry binding name for the remote GhidraServerHandle object. 
+	 * This alternate BIND name is used only by the server in support of older Ghidra clients
+	 * and corresponds to {@link #SERVER_MIN_CLIENT_INTERFACE_VERSION}.
 	 */
-	static final String BIND_NAME = BIND_NAME_PREFIX + MIN_GHIDRA_VERSION;
+	static final String ALT_BIND_NAME = BIND_NAME_PREFIX + ALT_GHIDRA_BIND_VERSION;
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns user authentication proxy object.
-	 * @throws RemoteException
+	 * @throws RemoteException if failure occurs while generating authentication callbacks
 	 * @return authentication callbacks which must be satisfied or null if authentication not
 	 * required.
 	 */
@@ -107,11 +145,10 @@ RemoteRepositoryServerHandle getRepositoryServer(Subject user, Callback[] authCa
 			throws FailedLoginException, RemoteException;
 
 	/**
-	 * Check server interface compatibility
-	 * @param serverInterfaceVersion client/server interface version
+	 * Check server interface compatibility with the specified client interface version.
+	 * @param clientInterfaceVersion client/server interface version
 	 * @throws RemoteException if requested server interface version not available
-	 * @see #INTERFACE_VERSION
 	 */
-	void checkCompatibility(int serverInterfaceVersion) throws RemoteException;
+	void checkCompatibility(int clientInterfaceVersion) throws RemoteException;
 
 }
```
-----------------------------------
