# Commit: d7f63a9075adc64cfc03620c9580fc1b91e5e336
## Message: GP-5438: Fix 'Select All' and others in Dynamic Listing. (syncing needs follow-up work.)
## Diff:
```
diff --git a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger-api/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/DebuggerListingService.java b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger-api/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/DebuggerListingService.java
index 742bb228fb2..c8d5e725b2d 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger-api/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/DebuggerListingService.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger-api/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/DebuggerListingService.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
diff --git a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/diff/DebuggerTraceViewDiffPlugin.java b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/diff/DebuggerTraceViewDiffPlugin.java
index 66ea77c3636..7a2af044042 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/diff/DebuggerTraceViewDiffPlugin.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/diff/DebuggerTraceViewDiffPlugin.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -31,7 +31,8 @@
 import generic.theme.GColor;
 import ghidra.app.plugin.PluginCategoryNames;
 import ghidra.app.plugin.core.codebrowser.MarkerServiceBackgroundColorModel;
-import ghidra.app.plugin.core.debug.*;
+import ghidra.app.plugin.core.debug.AbstractDebuggerPlugin;
+import ghidra.app.plugin.core.debug.DebuggerPluginPackage;
 import ghidra.app.plugin.core.debug.event.TraceClosedPluginEvent;
 import ghidra.app.plugin.core.debug.gui.DebuggerResources.*;
 import ghidra.app.plugin.core.debug.gui.action.DebuggerTrackLocationTrait;
@@ -58,12 +59,21 @@
 import ghidra.trace.model.time.schedule.TraceSchedule;
 import ghidra.util.Msg;
 
-@PluginInfo(shortDescription = "Compare memory state between times in a trace", description = "Provides a side-by-side diff view between snapshots (points in time) in a " +
-	"trace. The comparison is limited to raw bytes.", category = PluginCategoryNames.DEBUGGER, packageName = DebuggerPluginPackage.NAME, status = PluginStatus.RELEASED, eventsConsumed = {
+@PluginInfo(
+	shortDescription = "Compare memory state between times in a trace",
+	description = "Provides a side-by-side diff view between snapshots (points in time) in a " +
+		"trace. The comparison is limited to raw bytes.",
+	category = PluginCategoryNames.DEBUGGER,
+	packageName = DebuggerPluginPackage.NAME,
+	status = PluginStatus.RELEASED,
+	eventsConsumed = {
 		TraceClosedPluginEvent.class,
-	}, eventsProduced = {}, servicesRequired = {
+	},
+	eventsProduced = {},
+	servicesRequired = {
 		DebuggerListingService.class,
-	}, servicesProvided = {})
+	},
+	servicesProvided = {})
 public class DebuggerTraceViewDiffPlugin extends AbstractDebuggerPlugin {
 	static final Color COLOR_DIFF = new GColor("color.bg.highlight.listing.diff");
 
diff --git a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingActionContext.java b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingActionContext.java
index 29e5d4fb6d7..6204f0c2101 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingActionContext.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingActionContext.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -41,9 +41,4 @@ public DebuggerListingActionContext(DebuggerListingProvider provider, ProgramLoc
 	public TraceProgramView getProgram() {
 		return (TraceProgramView) super.getProgram();
 	}
-
-	@Override
-	public DebuggerListingProvider getComponentProvider() {
-		return (DebuggerListingProvider) super.getComponentProvider();
-	}
 }
diff --git a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingPlugin.java b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingPlugin.java
index f6820791f47..a2fd97c6f2b 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingPlugin.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingPlugin.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
diff --git a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingProvider.java b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingProvider.java
index ae7cffee69c..e81963aca82 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingProvider.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/listing/DebuggerListingProvider.java
@@ -408,7 +408,7 @@ protected boolean pasteByteString(String string) {
 	protected MarkerMarginProvider markerMarginProvider;
 	protected MarkerOverviewProvider markerOverviewProvider;
 
-	private SuppressableCallback<ProgramLocation> cbGoTo = new SuppressableCallback<>();
+	private final SuppressableCallback<ProgramLocation> cbGoTo = new SuppressableCallback<>();
 
 	protected final ForStaticSyncMappingChangeListener mappingChangeListener =
 		new ForStaticSyncMappingChangeListener();
diff --git a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/memview/MemviewTable.java b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/memview/MemviewTable.java
index 49ab9795b4b..631cc3b3017 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/memview/MemviewTable.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Debug/Debugger/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/debug/gui/memview/MemviewTable.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/context/NavigatableRangeActionContext.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/context/NavigatableRangeActionContext.java
deleted file mode 100644
index 991b53c6b35..00000000000
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/context/NavigatableRangeActionContext.java
+++ /dev/null
@@ -1,25 +0,0 @@
-/* ###
- * IP: GHIDRA
- * REVIEWED: YES
- *
- * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
- * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
- * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
- *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
- * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
- * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
- * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
- * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
- * limitations under the License.
- */
-package ghidra.app.context;
-
-/**
- * Marker interface to signal a context specifically for actions that work on a range of 
- * program locations.
- */
-public interface NavigatableRangeActionContext {
-
-}
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/context/NavigationActionContext.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/context/NavigationActionContext.java
index b642400ef20..a2b26688d31 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/context/NavigationActionContext.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/context/NavigationActionContext.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -15,12 +15,14 @@
  */
 package ghidra.app.context;
 
+import docking.ActionContext;
+
 /**
  * An interface that signals the client supports navigation. 
  * 
  * <P>Note: the {@link NavigatableActionContext} is tied to {@link ProgramLocationActionContext}
  * which has more baggage than just 'navigation'.
  */
-public interface NavigationActionContext {
+public interface NavigationActionContext extends ActionContext {
 	// marker interface
 }
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/ProgramMultiUserMergeManager.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/ProgramMultiUserMergeManager.java
index d4d03624acb..15273b1b48c 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/ProgramMultiUserMergeManager.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/ProgramMultiUserMergeManager.java
@@ -33,7 +33,6 @@
 import ghidra.app.util.viewer.util.FieldNavigator;
 import ghidra.framework.model.DomainObject;
 import ghidra.framework.plugintool.ModalPluginTool;
-import ghidra.framework.plugintool.Plugin;
 import ghidra.framework.plugintool.util.PluginException;
 import ghidra.program.model.address.Address;
 import ghidra.program.model.listing.Program;
@@ -45,9 +44,8 @@
 import help.Help;
 import help.HelpService;
 
-/** 
- * Top level object that manages each step of the merge/resolve conflicts
- * process.
+/**
+ * Top level object that manages each step of the merge/resolve conflicts process.
  */
 public class ProgramMultiUserMergeManager extends MergeManager {
 
@@ -113,6 +111,7 @@ protected void createMergeResolvers() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns one of the four programs involved in the merge as indicated by the version.
+	 * 
 	 * @param version the program version to return. (LATEST, MY, ORIGINAL, or RESULT).
 	 * @return the indicated program version or null if a valid version isn't specified.
 	 * @see MergeConstants
@@ -165,9 +164,12 @@ protected void cleanupMerge() {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Show the default merge panel. The default merge panel now shows the status of each phase
-	 * of the merge and also the progress in the current phase.
-	 *@param description description of current merge process near the top of the merge tool.
+	 * Show the default merge panel.
+	 * <p>
+	 * The default merge panel now shows the status of each phase of the merge and also the progress
+	 * in the current phase.
+	 * 
+	 * @param description description of current merge process near the top of the merge tool.
 	 */
 	@Override
 	public void showDefaultMergePanel(final String description) {
@@ -179,14 +181,15 @@ public void showDefaultMergePanel(final String description) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Show the component that is used to resolve conflicts. This method
-	 * is called by the MergeResolvers when user input is required. If the
-	 * component is not null, this method blocks until the user either 
-	 * cancels the merge process or resolves a conflict. If comp is null,
-	 * then the default component is displayed, and the method does not
+	 * Show the component that is used to resolve conflicts.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This method is called by the MergeResolvers when user input is required. If the component is
+	 * not null, this method blocks until the user either cancels the merge process or resolves a
+	 * conflict. If comp is null, then the default component is displayed, and the method does not
 	 * wait for user input.
-	 * @param comp component to show; if component is null, show the 
-	 * default component and do not block
+	 * 
+	 * @param comp component to show; if component is null, show the default component and do not
+	 *            block
 	 * @param componentID id or name for the component
 	 */
 	@Override
@@ -202,7 +205,7 @@ public void showComponent(final JComponent comp, final String componentID,
 			showMergeTool();
 			Dimension oldSize = mergeTool.getSize();
 			if (listingPlugin != null) {
-				mergeTool.removePlugins(new Plugin[] { listingPlugin, goToPlugin });
+				mergeTool.removePlugins(java.util.List.of(listingPlugin, goToPlugin));
 				listingPlugin = null;
 				goToPlugin = null;
 			}
@@ -227,6 +230,7 @@ public void showComponent(final JComponent comp, final String componentID,
 
 	/**
 	 * Show the listing merge panel.
+	 * 
 	 * @param goToAddress the address to goto.
 	 */
 	public void showListingMergePanel(final Address goToAddress) {
@@ -265,7 +269,9 @@ public void showListingMergePanel(final Address goToAddress) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Show the listing merge panel with each listing positioned to the indicated address.
+	 * <p>
 	 * A null can be passed for any address to indicate that listing should be empty.
+	 * 
 	 * @param resultAddress the address for positioning the Result program's listing.
 	 * @param latestAddress the address for positioning the Latest program's listing.
 	 * @param myAddress the address for positioning the My program's listing.
@@ -291,7 +297,9 @@ public void refreshListingMergePanel(final Address resultAddress, final Address
 
 	/**
 	 * Show the listing merge panel with each listing positioned to the indicated address.
+	 * <p>
 	 * A null can be passed for any address to indicate that listing should be empty.
+	 * 
 	 * @param resultAddress the address for positioning the Result program's listing.
 	 * @param latestAddress the address for positioning the Latest program's listing.
 	 * @param myAddress the address for positioning the My program's listing.
@@ -368,16 +376,19 @@ public void removeListingMergePanel() {
 				return;
 			}
 			mergePanel.removeDomainObjectListener();
-			mergeTool.removePlugins(new Plugin[] { listingPlugin, goToPlugin });
+			mergeTool.removePlugins(java.util.List.of(listingPlugin, goToPlugin));
 			isShowingListingMergePanel = false;
 			mergePlugin.showDefaultComponent();
 		});
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the listing merge panel. This is the panel containing the four
-	 * listing windows: result, latest, my, and original. The four listings are
-	 * the center component of JPanel with a BorderLayout.
+	 * Returns the listing merge panel.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This is the panel containing the four listing windows: result, latest, my, and original. The
+	 * four listings are the center component of {@link JPanel} with a {@link BorderLayout}.
+	 * 
+	 * @return the merge panel
 	 */
 	public ListingMergePanel getListingMergePanel() {
 		return mergePanel;
@@ -385,6 +396,7 @@ public ListingMergePanel getListingMergePanel() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Determines if the modal merge tool is currently displayed on the screen.
+	 * 
 	 * @return true if the merge tool is displayed.
 	 */
 	@Override
@@ -394,6 +406,7 @@ public boolean isMergeToolVisible() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Determines if the four program Listing merge panel is currently displayed in the merge tool.
+	 * 
 	 * @return true if the Listing merge panel is displayed.
 	 */
 	public boolean isShowingListingMergePanel() {
@@ -402,7 +415,9 @@ public boolean isShowingListingMergePanel() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Determine if the listing panels should be rendered.
+	 * <p>
 	 * NOTE: This is provided for testing performance reasons only.
+	 * 
 	 * @return true if listing panels should be rendered
 	 */
 	public boolean isShowListingPanel() {
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/tool/ListingMergePanel.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/tool/ListingMergePanel.java
index 6dcb0b384bb..2af6ed829a5 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/tool/ListingMergePanel.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/tool/ListingMergePanel.java
@@ -299,6 +299,7 @@ public void emptyViewForProgram(int programIndex) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Color the background of all 4 listings to the indicated color for the indicated addresses.
+	 * 
 	 * @param addrSet the addresses
 	 */
 	public void paintAllBackgrounds(AddressSetView addrSet) {
@@ -365,6 +366,7 @@ public Object getActionContext(MouseEvent event) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Adds a button press listener.
+	 * 
 	 * @param listener the listener to add.
 	 */
 	public void addButtonPressedListener(ButtonPressedListener listener) {
@@ -375,6 +377,7 @@ public void addButtonPressedListener(ButtonPressedListener listener) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Get the indicated program version.
+	 * 
 	 * @param version LATEST, CHECKED_OUT, ORIGINAL, RESULT from MergeConstants
 	 * @return the program
 	 */
@@ -383,8 +386,8 @@ public Program getProgram(int version) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Add the result program's listing model as a listener to the result program
-	 * for domain object events.
+	 * Add the result program's listing model as a listener to the result program for domain object
+	 * events.
 	 */
 	public void addDomainObjectListener() {
 		DomainObjectListener listingModel = (DomainObjectListener) multiModel.getModel(RESULT);
@@ -392,8 +395,8 @@ public void addDomainObjectListener() {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Remove the result program's listing model as a listener to the result program
-	 * for domain object events.
+	 * Remove the result program's listing model as a listener to the result program for domain
+	 * object events.
 	 */
 	public void removeDomainObjectListener() {
 		DomainObjectListener listingModel = (DomainObjectListener) multiModel.getModel(RESULT);
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/tool/ListingMergePanelPlugin.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/tool/ListingMergePanelPlugin.java
index 087c5e301f6..f4db8e5b05b 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/tool/ListingMergePanelPlugin.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/merge/tool/ListingMergePanelPlugin.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -41,6 +41,7 @@ public class ListingMergePanelPlugin extends Plugin implements ProgramaticUseOnl
 
 	/**
 	 * Constructor
+	 * 
 	 * @param tool merge tool
 	 * @param mergePanel merge panel
 	 */
@@ -91,9 +92,7 @@ private void createProvider(ListingMergePanel mergePanel) {
 
 	@Override
 	public void processEvent(PluginEvent event) {
-
-		if (event instanceof ProgramLocationPluginEvent) {
-			ProgramLocationPluginEvent evt = (ProgramLocationPluginEvent) event;
+		if (event instanceof ProgramLocationPluginEvent evt) {
 			ProgramLocation location = evt.getLocation();
 			ListingMergePanel mergePanel = (ListingMergePanel) provider.getComponent();
 			mergePanel.goTo(location, true);
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/nav/Navigatable.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/nav/Navigatable.java
index 443c77a9b44..c354a0ca253 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/nav/Navigatable.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/nav/Navigatable.java
@@ -39,7 +39,6 @@ public interface Navigatable {
 	 * Commands this navigatable to goto (display) the given program and location
 	 *
 	 * @param program the program
-	 *
 	 * @param location the location in that program to display
 	 * @return true if the goto was successful
 	 */
@@ -81,8 +80,9 @@ public interface Navigatable {
 	public Icon getNavigatableIcon();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this Navigatable is "connected". Navigatables are connected if they produce
-	 * and consume location and selection events.
+	 * Returns true if this Navigatable is "connected".
+	 * <p>
+	 * Navigatables are connected if they produce and consume location and selection events.
 	 *
 	 * @return true if this Navigatable is "connected"
 	 */
@@ -199,9 +199,11 @@ public void removeHighlightProvider(ListingHighlightProvider highlightProvider,
 			Program program);
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns a source for providing byte values of the program associated with this
-	 * navigatable. For a static program, this is just a wrapper for a program's memory. But 
-	 * dynamic programs require special handling for reading bytes.
+	 * Returns a source for providing byte values of the program associated with this navigatable.
+	 * <p>
+	 * For a static program, this is just a wrapper for a program's memory. But dynamic programs
+	 * require special handling for reading bytes.
+	 * 
 	 * @return a source of bytes for the navigatable's program
 	 */
 	public default AddressableByteSource getByteSource() {
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/assembler/AbstractPatchAction.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/assembler/AbstractPatchAction.java
index 595e9891dbc..9f8e17efb2c 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/assembler/AbstractPatchAction.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/assembler/AbstractPatchAction.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -296,11 +296,10 @@ public boolean isAddToPopup(ActionContext context) {
 		ListingActionContext lac = (ListingActionContext) context;
 
 		ComponentProvider provider = lac.getComponentProvider();
-		if (!(provider instanceof CodeViewerProvider)) {
+		if (!(provider instanceof CodeViewerProvider codeViewer)) {
 			return false;
 		}
 
-		CodeViewerProvider codeViewer = (CodeViewerProvider) provider;
 		if (codeViewer.isReadOnly()) {
 			return false;
 		}
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/AbstractCodeBrowserPlugin.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/AbstractCodeBrowserPlugin.java
index 6b24e22f6a2..b1d4904a4c7 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/AbstractCodeBrowserPlugin.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/AbstractCodeBrowserPlugin.java
@@ -767,7 +767,6 @@ public boolean goTo(ProgramLocation location) {
 
 	@Override
 	public boolean goTo(ProgramLocation location, boolean centerOnScreen) {
-
 		return Swing
 				.runNow(() -> connectedProvider.getListingPanel().goTo(location, centerOnScreen));
 	}
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeBrowserPlugin.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeBrowserPlugin.java
index 01835cb4410..6ba71da28ea 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeBrowserPlugin.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeBrowserPlugin.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -33,7 +33,8 @@
 import ghidra.framework.options.SaveState;
 import ghidra.framework.plugintool.*;
 import ghidra.framework.plugintool.util.PluginStatus;
-import ghidra.program.model.address.*;
+import ghidra.program.model.address.AddressSet;
+import ghidra.program.model.address.AddressSetView;
 import ghidra.program.model.listing.Program;
 import ghidra.program.util.ProgramLocation;
 import ghidra.program.util.ProgramSelection;
@@ -142,9 +143,7 @@ public void processEvent(PluginEvent event) {
 			updateHighlightProvider();
 			updateBackgroundColorModel();
 			setHighlight(new FieldSelection());
-			AddressFactory currentAddressFactory =
-				(currentProgram != null) ? currentProgram.getAddressFactory() : null;
-			setSelection(new ProgramSelection(currentAddressFactory));
+			setSelection(new ProgramSelection());
 		}
 		else if (event instanceof ProgramLocationPluginEvent) {
 			ProgramLocationPluginEvent evt = (ProgramLocationPluginEvent) event;
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeBrowserSelectionPlugin.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeBrowserSelectionPlugin.java
index 1511e7e79fb..a01c9a5b69c 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeBrowserSelectionPlugin.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeBrowserSelectionPlugin.java
@@ -21,6 +21,7 @@
 import docking.tool.ToolConstants;
 import generic.theme.GIcon;
 import ghidra.app.CorePluginPackage;
+import ghidra.app.context.ListingActionContext;
 import ghidra.app.plugin.PluginCategoryNames;
 import ghidra.app.plugin.core.codebrowser.SelectEndpointsAction.RangeEndpoint;
 import ghidra.app.plugin.core.table.TableComponentProvider;
@@ -81,7 +82,7 @@ private void createActions() {
 				.menuGroup(SELECT_GROUP, "a")
 				.keyBinding("ctrl A")
 				.helpLocation(new HelpLocation(HelpTopics.SELECTION, "Select All"))
-				.withContext(CodeViewerActionContext.class, true)
+				.withContext(ListingActionContext.class, true)
 				.inWindow(ActionBuilder.When.CONTEXT_MATCHES)
 				.onAction(c -> ((CodeViewerProvider) c.getComponentProvider()).selectAll())
 				.buildAndInstall(tool);
@@ -90,7 +91,7 @@ private void createActions() {
 				.menuPath(ToolConstants.MENU_SELECTION, "&Clear Selection")
 				.menuGroup(SELECT_GROUP, "b")
 				.helpLocation(new HelpLocation(HelpTopics.SELECTION, "Clear Selection"))
-				.withContext(CodeViewerActionContext.class, true)
+				.withContext(ListingActionContext.class, true)
 				.inWindow(ActionBuilder.When.CONTEXT_MATCHES)
 				.enabledWhen(c -> c.hasSelection())
 				.onAction(c -> ((CodeViewerProvider) c.getComponentProvider())
@@ -101,7 +102,7 @@ private void createActions() {
 				.menuPath(ToolConstants.MENU_SELECTION, "&Complement")
 				.menuGroup(SELECT_GROUP, "c")
 				.helpLocation(new HelpLocation(HelpTopics.SELECTION, "Select Complement"))
-				.withContext(CodeViewerActionContext.class, true)
+				.withContext(ListingActionContext.class, true)
 				.inWindow(ActionBuilder.When.CONTEXT_MATCHES)
 				.onAction(c -> ((CodeViewerProvider) c.getComponentProvider()).selectComplement())
 				.buildAndInstall(tool);
@@ -112,7 +113,7 @@ private void createActions() {
 				.menuPath(ToolConstants.MENU_SELECTION, "Create Table From Selection")
 				.menuGroup("SelectUtils")
 				.helpLocation(new HelpLocation(HelpTopics.CODE_BROWSER, "Selection_Tables"))
-				.withContext(CodeViewerActionContext.class, true)
+				.withContext(ListingActionContext.class, true)
 				.inWindow(ActionBuilder.When.CONTEXT_MATCHES)
 				.onAction(c -> createTable((CodeViewerProvider) c.getComponentProvider()))
 				.buildAndInstall(tool);
@@ -121,7 +122,7 @@ private void createActions() {
 				.menuPath(ToolConstants.MENU_SELECTION, CREATE_ADDRESS_RANGE_TABLE_ACTION_NAME)
 				.menuGroup("SelectUtils")
 				.helpLocation(new HelpLocation(HelpTopics.CODE_BROWSER, "Selection_Tables"))
-				.withContext(CodeViewerActionContext.class, true)
+				.withContext(ListingActionContext.class, true)
 				.inWindow(ActionBuilder.When.CONTEXT_MATCHES)
 				.onAction(
 					c -> createAddressRangeTable((CodeViewerProvider) c.getComponentProvider()))
@@ -150,7 +151,7 @@ private void createAddressRangeTable(CodeViewerProvider componentProvider) {
 		String title = "Selected Ranges in " + program.getName();
 		TableComponentProvider<AddressRangeInfo> tableProvider =
 			tableService.showTableWithMarkers(title, "Address Ranges", model,
-				SearchConstants.SEARCH_HIGHLIGHT_COLOR, markerIcon, title, null);
+				SearchConstants.SEARCH_HIGHLIGHT_COLOR, markerIcon, title, componentProvider);
 		tableProvider.installRemoveItemsAction();
 
 		SelectEndpointsAction selectMin =
@@ -186,7 +187,7 @@ private void createTable(CodeViewerProvider componentProvider) {
 		Icon markerIcon = new GIcon("icon.plugin.codebrowser.cursor.marker");
 		TableComponentProvider<Address> tableProvider =
 			tableService.showTableWithMarkers(title + " " + model.getName(), "Selections", model,
-				SearchConstants.SEARCH_HIGHLIGHT_COLOR, markerIcon, title, null);
+				SearchConstants.SEARCH_HIGHLIGHT_COLOR, markerIcon, title, componentProvider);
 		tableProvider.installRemoveItemsAction();
 	}
 
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeViewerActionContext.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeViewerActionContext.java
index 3ad0101c650..d0e889b1663 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeViewerActionContext.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeViewerActionContext.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -16,11 +16,9 @@
 package ghidra.app.plugin.core.codebrowser;
 
 import ghidra.app.context.ListingActionContext;
-import ghidra.app.context.NavigatableRangeActionContext;
 import ghidra.program.util.ProgramLocation;
 
-public class CodeViewerActionContext extends ListingActionContext implements
-		NavigatableRangeActionContext {
+public class CodeViewerActionContext extends ListingActionContext {
 
 	public CodeViewerActionContext(CodeViewerProvider provider) {
 		super(provider, provider);
@@ -29,5 +27,4 @@ public CodeViewerActionContext(CodeViewerProvider provider) {
 	public CodeViewerActionContext(CodeViewerProvider provider, ProgramLocation location) {
 		super(provider, provider, location);
 	}
-
 }
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeViewerProvider.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeViewerProvider.java
index 0d887632895..fa996e73c48 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeViewerProvider.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/CodeViewerProvider.java
@@ -943,14 +943,14 @@ public void cloneWindow() {
 
 	public void selectAll() {
 		listingPanel.getFieldPanel().requestFocus();
-		ProgramSelection sel = new ProgramSelection(program.getAddressFactory(),
+		ProgramSelection sel = new ProgramSelection(
 			listingPanel.getAddressIndexMap().getOriginalAddressSet());
 		doSetSelection(sel);
 	}
 
 	public void selectComplement() {
 		AddressSet complement = listingPanel.selectComplement();
-		ProgramSelection sel = new ProgramSelection(program.getAddressFactory(), complement);
+		ProgramSelection sel = new ProgramSelection(complement);
 		doSetSelection(sel);
 	}
 
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/MarkAndSelectionAction.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/MarkAndSelectionAction.java
index 93a3a5c36f8..3b4f189c5bc 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/MarkAndSelectionAction.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/MarkAndSelectionAction.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -30,9 +30,9 @@
 import ghidra.util.HelpLocation;
 
 /**
- * Actions for creating a selection using two distinct steps. The first time the action
- * is invoked, it records the current location as the start of a selection. The second time the
- * action is invoked it creates a selection from the recorded location to the current location. 
+ * Actions for creating a selection using two distinct steps. The first time the action is invoked,
+ * it records the current location as the start of a selection. The second time the action is
+ * invoked it creates a selection from the recorded location to the current location.
  */
 public class MarkAndSelectionAction extends ToggleDockingAction {
 	private Navigatable markedNavigatable;
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/gotoquery/GoToHelper.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/gotoquery/GoToHelper.java
index 9bdea6975e0..dec28763592 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/gotoquery/GoToHelper.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/gotoquery/GoToHelper.java
@@ -15,7 +15,7 @@
  */
 package ghidra.app.plugin.core.gotoquery;
 
-import static ghidra.framework.main.DataTreeDialogType.*;
+import static ghidra.framework.main.DataTreeDialogType.OPEN;
 
 import java.util.Stack;
 
@@ -170,27 +170,27 @@ public ProgramLocation getLocation(Program program, Address currentAddress,
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * GoTo external address linkage location (pointer or thunk) within the current program
-	 * which is associated with the specified external location.
+	 * GoTo external address linkage location (pointer or thunk) within the current program which is
+	 * associated with the specified external location.
 	 * <p>
-	 * For those use cases which should not popup a window the popupAllowed
-	 * option should be <b>false</b>.
+	 * For those use cases which should not popup a window the popupAllowed option should be
+	 * <b>false</b>.
 	 * <p>
-	 * This method will generally cause navigation to a linkage location associated with
-	 * the specified external location.  A linkage location is either a pointer to the
-	 * external location (identified by reference) or a thunk to the external
-	 * location, provided the thunk does not reference a linkage pointer.  If more than one
-	 * linkage location exists and popupAllowed is <b>true</b>, a table will be displayed allowing
-	 * the user to navigate to any of the linkage locations.  If navigation is initiated from the
-	 * only known linkage location, and popupAllowed is <b>true</b>, navigation to the external
-	 * program will be attempted regardless of the current
-	 * {@link NavigationOptions#isGotoExternalProgramEnabled} setting.
+	 * This method will generally cause navigation to a linkage location associated with the
+	 * specified external location. A linkage location is either a pointer to the external location
+	 * (identified by reference) or a thunk to the external location, provided the thunk does not
+	 * reference a linkage pointer. If more than one linkage location exists and popupAllowed is
+	 * <b>true</b>, a table will be displayed allowing the user to navigate to any of the linkage
+	 * locations. If navigation is initiated from the only known linkage location, and popupAllowed
+	 * is <b>true</b>, navigation to the external program will be attempted regardless of the
+	 * current {@link NavigationOptions#isGotoExternalProgramEnabled} setting.
+	 * 
 	 * @param nav Navigatable
 	 * @param externalLoc external location
-	 * @param popupAllowed if true a table may be displayed when multiple linkage locations
-	 * exist, otherwise navigation to the first linkage location will be performed
-	 * @return true if navigation was successful or a list of possible linkage locations
-	 * was displayed.
+	 * @param popupAllowed if true a table may be displayed when multiple linkage locations exist,
+	 *            otherwise navigation to the first linkage location will be performed
+	 * @return true if navigation was successful or a list of possible linkage locations was
+	 *         displayed.
 	 */
 	protected boolean goToExternalLinkage(Navigatable nav, ExternalLocation externalLoc,
 			boolean popupAllowed) {
@@ -237,27 +237,28 @@ else if (popupAllowed) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Navigate to either the external program location or address linkage location.
-	 * This method will only navigate to the
-	 * external program associated with the specified location if either checkNavigationOption
-	 * is false, or the navigation option is set to Show External Program, or
-	 * the current location is the same as the single linkage location.  See
-	 * {@link #goToExternalLinkage(Navigatable, ExternalLocation, boolean)} method for
-	 * external linkage navigation behavior.
 	 * <p>
-	 * If navigation to an external program will be performed, the associated program will
-	 * be identified and the location within that program found.  Once this occurs, the
-	 * external program will be opened within the current tool and navigation completed.  If an
-	 * external program association has not yet been established, the user will be prompted to make
-	 * an association if they choose before completing the navigation.
+	 * This method will only navigate to the external program associated with the specified location
+	 * if either checkNavigationOption is false, or the navigation option is set to Show External
+	 * Program, or the current location is the same as the single linkage location. See
+	 * {@link #goToExternalLinkage(Navigatable, ExternalLocation, boolean)} method for external
+	 * linkage navigation behavior.
+	 * <p>
+	 * If navigation to an external program will be performed, the associated program will be
+	 * identified and the location within that program found. Once this occurs, the external program
+	 * will be opened within the current tool and navigation completed. If an external program
+	 * association has not yet been established, the user will be prompted to make an association if
+	 * they choose before completing the navigation.
+	 * 
 	 * @param nav Navigatable
 	 * @param externalLocation external location
-	 * @param checkNavigationOption if true the {@link NavigationOptions#isGotoExternalProgramEnabled}
-	 * option will be used to determine if navigation to the external program will be
-	 * attempted, or if navigation to the external linkage location within the current
-	 * program will be attempted.  If false, only navigation to the external linkage will be
-	 * attempted.
-	 * @return true if navigation to the external program was successful or navigation to a
-	 * linkage location was performed.
+	 * @param checkNavigationOption if true the
+	 *            {@link NavigationOptions#isGotoExternalProgramEnabled} option will be used to
+	 *            determine if navigation to the external program will be attempted, or if
+	 *            navigation to the external linkage location within the current program will be
+	 *            attempted. If false, only navigation to the external linkage will be attempted.
+	 * @return true if navigation to the external program was successful or navigation to a linkage
+	 *         location was performed.
 	 */
 	public boolean goToExternalLocation(Navigatable nav, ExternalLocation externalLocation,
 			boolean checkNavigationOption) {
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/gotoquery/GoToServicePlugin.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/gotoquery/GoToServicePlugin.java
index 0e4cb2ddf9e..22b7594e95d 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/gotoquery/GoToServicePlugin.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/gotoquery/GoToServicePlugin.java
@@ -58,6 +58,7 @@ public final class GoToServicePlugin extends ProgramPlugin {
 
 	/**
 	 * Creates a new instance of the <CODE>GoToServicePlugin</CODE>
+	 * 
 	 * @param tool the tool
 	 */
 	public GoToServicePlugin(PluginTool tool) {
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/highlight/SetHighlightPlugin.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/highlight/SetHighlightPlugin.java
index bbf67b279e6..25c8aec00cc 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/highlight/SetHighlightPlugin.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/highlight/SetHighlightPlugin.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -66,6 +66,7 @@ public class SetHighlightPlugin extends Plugin {
 
 	/**
 	 * Constructor
+	 * 
 	 * @param tool
 	 */
 	public SetHighlightPlugin(PluginTool tool) {
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/navigation/NavigationHistoryPlugin.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/navigation/NavigationHistoryPlugin.java
index 1df6b2d952a..6313742df1a 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/navigation/NavigationHistoryPlugin.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/navigation/NavigationHistoryPlugin.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/string/translate/AbstractTranslateAction.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/string/translate/AbstractTranslateAction.java
index 0d505d0f147..f2d3c357910 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/string/translate/AbstractTranslateAction.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/string/translate/AbstractTranslateAction.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -54,9 +54,9 @@ public boolean isEnabledForContext(ActionContext context) {
 			setPopupMenuData(dataListMenuData);
 			return isEnabledForContext((DataLocationListContext) context);
 		}
-		else if (context instanceof CodeViewerActionContext) {
+		else if (context instanceof CodeViewerActionContext cvac) {
 			setPopupMenuData(codeViewerMenuData);
-			return isEnabledForContext((CodeViewerActionContext) context);
+			return isEnabledForContext(cvac);
 		}
 		return false;
 	}
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/GoToService.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/GoToService.java
index 1c005d70ccf..b4ea7cd8882 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/GoToService.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/GoToService.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -26,29 +26,31 @@
 import ghidra.util.task.TaskMonitor;
 
 /**
- * The GoToService provides a general service for plugins to generate GoTo
- * events.  The provider of this service will take care of interfacing with
- * any history service that may be available.
+ * The GoToService provides a general service for plugins to generate GoTo events. The provider of
+ * this service will take care of interfacing with any history service that may be available.
  * <p>
- * This class will execute all {@code goTo} calls on the Java Swing thread.   This will happen in
- * a blocking manner if the client calls from any other thread.  This has the potential to lead
- * to deadlocks if the client is using custom synchronization.  Care must be taken to not be
- * holding any lock that will cause the Swing thread to block when using this class from any other
- * thread.   To work around this issue, clients can always call this service from within a
+ * This class will execute all {@code goTo} calls on the Java Swing thread. This will happen in a
+ * blocking manner if the client calls from any other thread. This has the potential to lead to
+ * deadlocks if the client is using custom synchronization. Care must be taken to not be holding any
+ * lock that will cause the Swing thread to block when using this class from any other thread. To
+ * work around this issue, clients can always call this service from within a
  * {@link Swing#runLater(Runnable)} call, which will prevent any deadlock issues.
  */
-@ServiceInfo(defaultProvider = GoToServicePlugin.class, description = "Navigate to a program location")
+@ServiceInfo(
+	defaultProvider = GoToServicePlugin.class,
+	description = "Navigate to a program location")
 public interface GoToService {
 
 	/**
-	 * Characters that are allowed in words that the GoToService can use. These
-	 * typically represent library name delimiters.
+	 * Characters that are allowed in words that the GoToService can use. These typically represent
+	 * library name delimiters.
 	 */
 	public static final char[] VALID_GOTO_CHARS = new char[] { '.', ':', '*' };
 
 	/**
-	 * Generates a GoTo event and handles any history state that needs to be saved.  This method
-	 * will attempt to find the program that contains the given ProgramLocation.
+	 * Generates a GoTo event and handles any history state that needs to be saved.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This method will attempt to find the program that contains the given ProgramLocation.
 	 *
 	 * @param loc location to go to
 	 * @return true if the go to was successful
@@ -57,11 +59,12 @@ public interface GoToService {
 	public boolean goTo(ProgramLocation loc);
 
 	/**
-	 * Generates a GoTo event and handles any history state that needs to be saved.  This
-	 * overloaded version of {@link #goTo(Address)} uses the given program as the program within
-	 * which to perform the GoTo.  If the given program does not contain the given address, then
-	 * the GoTo will not be performed and false will be returned.  Passing <code>null</code> as the
-	 * <code>program</code> parameter will cause this method to attempt to find a program that
+	 * Generates a GoTo event and handles any history state that needs to be saved.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This overloaded version of {@link #goTo(Address)} uses the given program as the program
+	 * within which to perform the GoTo. If the given program does not contain the given address,
+	 * then the GoTo will not be performed and false will be returned. Passing <code>null</code> as
+	 * the <code>program</code> parameter will cause this method to attempt to find a program that
 	 * contains the given ProgramLocation.
 	 *
 	 * @param loc location to go to
@@ -82,8 +85,10 @@ public interface GoToService {
 	public boolean goTo(Navigatable navigatable, ProgramLocation loc, Program program);
 
 	/**
-	 * Generates a GoTo event to the given address.  The refAddress is used to determine if
-	 * there is a specific symbol reference from that reference.
+	 * Generates a GoTo event to the given address.
+	 * <p>
+	 * The refAddress is used to determine if there is a specific symbol reference from that
+	 * reference.
 	 *
 	 * @param navigatable the destination navigatable
 	 * @param program program
@@ -95,8 +100,10 @@ public boolean goTo(Navigatable navigatable, Program program, Address address,
 			Address refAddress);
 
 	/**
-	 * Generates a GoTo event to the given address.  The fromAddress is used to determine if
-	 * there is a specific symbol reference from the current address.
+	 * Generates a GoTo event to the given address.
+	 * <p>
+	 * The fromAddress is used to determine if there is a specific symbol reference from the current
+	 * address.
 	 *
 	 * @param fromAddress the current address
 	 * @param address the address to goto
@@ -115,6 +122,7 @@ public boolean goTo(Navigatable navigatable, Program program, Address address,
 
 	/**
 	 * Generates a GoTo event to the gotoAddress.
+	 * 
 	 * @param goToAddress the address to goto
 	 * @return true if the go to was successful
 	 * @see #goTo(Address, Program)
@@ -122,12 +130,13 @@ public boolean goTo(Navigatable navigatable, Program program, Address address,
 	public boolean goTo(Address goToAddress);
 
 	/**
-	 * Generates a GoTo event to the gotoAddress.   This overloaded version of
-	 * {@link #goTo(Address)} uses the given program as the program within which to perform the
-	 * GoTo.  If the given program does not contain the given address, then the GoTo will not be
-	 * performed and false will be returned.  Passing <code>null</code> as the <code>program</code>
-	 * parameter will cause this method to attempt to find a program that contains the given
-	 * ProgramLocation.
+	 * Generates a GoTo event to the gotoAddress.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This overloaded version of {@link #goTo(Address)} uses the given program as the program
+	 * within which to perform the GoTo. If the given program does not contain the given address,
+	 * then the GoTo will not be performed and false will be returned. Passing <code>null</code> as
+	 * the <code>program</code> parameter will cause this method to attempt to find a program that
+	 * contains the given ProgramLocation.
 	 *
 	 * @param goToAddress the address to goto
 	 * @param program the program within which to perform the GoTo
@@ -137,32 +146,34 @@ public boolean goTo(Navigatable navigatable, Program program, Address address,
 	public boolean goTo(Address goToAddress, Program program);
 
 	/**
-	 * Navigate to either the external program location or address linkage location.  Specific
-	 * behavior may vary based upon implementation.
+	 * Navigate to either the external program location or address linkage location.
+	 * <p>
+	 * Specific behavior may vary based upon implementation.
 	 *
 	 * @param externalLoc external location
 	 * @param checkNavigationOption if true the service navigation option will be used to determine
-	 * 		if navigation to the external program will be attempted, or if navigation to the
-	 * 		external linkage location within the current program will be attempted.  If false, the
-	 * 		implementations default behavior will be performed.
+	 *            if navigation to the external program will be attempted, or if navigation to the
+	 *            external linkage location within the current program will be attempted. If false,
+	 *            the implementations default behavior will be performed.
 	 * @return true if either navigation to the external program or to a linkage location was
-	 * 		completed successfully.
+	 *         completed successfully.
 	 */
 	public boolean goToExternalLocation(ExternalLocation externalLoc,
 			boolean checkNavigationOption);
 
 	/**
-	 * Navigate to either the external program location or address linkage location.  Specific
-	 * behavior may vary based upon implementation.
+	 * Navigate to either the external program location or address linkage location.
+	 * <p>
+	 * Specific behavior may vary based upon implementation.
 	 *
 	 * @param navigatable Navigatable
 	 * @param externalLoc external location
 	 * @param checkNavigationOption if true the service navigation option will be used to determine
-	 * 		if navigation to the external program will be attempted, or if navigation to the
-	 * 		external linkage location within the current program will be attempted.  If false, the
-	 * 		implementations default behavior will be performed.
+	 *            if navigation to the external program will be attempted, or if navigation to the
+	 *            external linkage location within the current program will be attempted. If false,
+	 *            the implementations default behavior will be performed.
 	 * @return true if either navigation to the external program or to a linkage location was
-	 * 		completed successfully.
+	 *         completed successfully.
 	 */
 	public boolean goToExternalLocation(Navigatable navigatable, ExternalLocation externalLoc,
 			boolean checkNavigationOption);
@@ -170,9 +181,9 @@ public boolean goToExternalLocation(Navigatable navigatable, ExternalLocation ex
 	/**
 	 * Generates a GoTo event for the given query.
 	 * <p>
-	 * If the query results in more than one location, a list of locations will be displayed.
-	 * If the query results in only one location, then a goto event will be fired(except for a
-	 * wildcard query in which case a list will still be displayed.
+	 * If the query results in more than one location, a list of locations will be displayed. If the
+	 * query results in only one location, then a goto event will be fired(except for a wildcard
+	 * query in which case a list will still be displayed.
 	 * <p>
 	 * The listener will be notified after query and will indicate the query status.
 	 *
@@ -188,9 +199,9 @@ public boolean goToQuery(Address fromAddr, QueryData queryData, GoToServiceListe
 	/**
 	 * Generates a GoTo event for the given query.
 	 * <p>
-	 * If the query results in more than one location, a list of locations will be displayed.
-	 * If the query results in only one location, then a goto event will be fired(except for a
-	 * wildcard query in which case a list will still be displayed.
+	 * If the query results in more than one location, a list of locations will be displayed. If the
+	 * query results in only one location, then a goto event will be fired(except for a wildcard
+	 * query in which case a list will still be displayed.
 	 * <p>
 	 * The listener will be notified after query and will indicate the query status.
 	 *
@@ -205,8 +216,10 @@ public boolean goToQuery(Navigatable navigatable, Address fromAddr, QueryData qu
 			GoToServiceListener listener, TaskMonitor monitor);
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the default navigatable that is the destination for GoTo events.  This navigatable 
-	 * will not be null. 
+	 * Returns the default navigatable that is the destination for GoTo events.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This navigatable will not be null.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the navigatable
 	 */
 	public Navigatable getDefaultNavigatable();
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/util/viewer/listingpanel/ListingPanel.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/util/viewer/listingpanel/ListingPanel.java
index b81c2fea63c..f27ec1a0fc0 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/util/viewer/listingpanel/ListingPanel.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/util/viewer/listingpanel/ListingPanel.java
@@ -106,7 +106,7 @@ public void dataChanged(BigInteger start, BigInteger end) {
 	private String currentTextSelection;
 
 	/**
-	 * Constructs a new ListingPanel using the given FormatManager and ServiceProvider.
+	 * Constructs a new ListingPanel using the given FormatManager
 	 *
 	 * @param manager the FormatManager to use.
 	 */
@@ -152,10 +152,10 @@ public ListingPanel(FormatManager mgr, Program program) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Constructs a new ListingPanel with the given FormatManager and ListingLayoutModel
+	 * Constructs a new ListingPanel with the given FormatManager and ListingModel
 	 *
 	 * @param mgr the FormatManager to use
-	 * @param model the ListingLayoutModel to use.
+	 * @param model the ListingModel to use.
 	 */
 	public ListingPanel(FormatManager mgr, ListingModel model) {
 		this(mgr);
@@ -171,8 +171,9 @@ public Dimension getPreferredSize() {
 		return preferredSize;
 	}
 
-	/** 
+	/**
 	 * A width for new windows that shows a reasonable amount of the Listing
+	 * 
 	 * @return the width
 	 */
 	protected int getNewWindowDefaultWidth() {
@@ -203,7 +204,9 @@ protected ListingModelAdapter createLayoutModel(ListingModel model) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Sets the ProgramLocationListener. Only one listener is supported
+	 * Sets the ProgramLocationListener.
+	 * <p>
+	 * Only one listener is supported
 	 *
 	 * @param listener the ProgramLocationListener to use.
 	 */
@@ -212,7 +215,9 @@ public void setProgramLocationListener(ProgramLocationListener listener) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Sets the ProgramSelectionListener. Only one listener is supported
+	 * Sets the ProgramSelectionListener.
+	 * <p>
+	 * Only one listener is supported
 	 *
 	 * @param listener the ProgramSelectionListener to use.
 	 */
@@ -221,8 +226,9 @@ public void setProgramSelectionListener(ProgramSelectionListener listener) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Sets the ProgramSelectionListener for selection changes while dragging. Only one listener is 
-	 * supported
+	 * Sets the ProgramSelectionListener for selection changes while dragging.
+	 * <p>
+	 * Only one listener is supported
 	 *
 	 * @param listener the ProgramSelectionListener to use.
 	 */
@@ -235,7 +241,7 @@ public void setStringSelectionListener(StringSelectionListener listener) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Sets the ListingLayoutModel to use.
+	 * Sets the ListingModel to use.
 	 *
 	 * @param newModel the model to use.
 	 */
@@ -249,6 +255,7 @@ public void setListingModel(ListingModel newModel) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns the current ListingModel used by this panel.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the model
 	 */
 	public ListingModel getListingModel() {
@@ -285,6 +292,7 @@ public List<DockingActionIf> getHeaderActions(String ownerName) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns true if the field header component is showing.
+	 * 
 	 * @return true if showing
 	 */
 	public boolean isHeaderShowing() {
@@ -493,8 +501,10 @@ public void removeHighlightProvider(ListingHighlightProvider highlightProvider)
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Adds a {@link ListingHighlightProvider} to this listing. This highlight provider will be used with
-	 * any other registered providers to paint all the highlights for this listing.
+	 * Adds a {@link ListingHighlightProvider} to this listing.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This highlight provider will be used with any other registered providers to paint all the
+	 * highlights for this listing.
 	 *
 	 * @param highlightProvider The provider to add
 	 */
@@ -504,6 +514,7 @@ public void addHighlightProvider(ListingHighlightProvider highlightProvider) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns the FieldPanel used by this ListingPanel.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the field panel
 	 */
 	public FieldPanel getFieldPanel() {
@@ -536,6 +547,7 @@ private void notifyDisplayListener(AddressSetDisplayListener listener) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns the divider location between the left margin areas and the main display.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the location
 	 */
 	public int getDividerLocation() {
@@ -604,8 +616,9 @@ public boolean goTo(ProgramLocation loc) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Moves the cursor to the given program location. Also, repositions the scrollbar to show that
-	 * location, if the location is not on the screen.
+	 * Moves the cursor to the given program location.
+	 * <p>
+	 * Also, repositions the scrollbar to show that location, if the location is not on the screen.
 	 *
 	 * @param loc the location to move to.
 	 * @param centerWhenNotVisible this variable only has an effect if the given location is not on
@@ -615,7 +628,6 @@ public boolean goTo(ProgramLocation loc) {
 	 * @return true if successful
 	 */
 	public boolean goTo(ProgramLocation loc, boolean centerWhenNotVisible) {
-
 		Swing.assertSwingThread("goTo() must be called on the Swing thread");
 
 		final FieldLocation floc = getFieldLocation(loc);
@@ -635,11 +647,12 @@ public boolean goTo(ProgramLocation loc, boolean centerWhenNotVisible) {
 		return true;
 	}
 
-	/** 
+	/**
 	 * Scroll the view of the listing to the given location.
 	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * If the given location is not displayed, this has no effect.
+	 * 
 	 * @param location the location
 	 */
 	public void scrollTo(ProgramLocation location) {
@@ -650,8 +663,9 @@ public void scrollTo(ProgramLocation location) {
 		fieldPanel.scrollTo(fieldLocation);
 	}
 
-	/** 
+	/**
 	 * Center the view of the listing around the given location.
+	 * 
 	 * @param location the location
 	 */
 	public void center(ProgramLocation location) {
@@ -866,6 +880,7 @@ public void setView(AddressSetView view) {
 	/**
 	 * Gets the view of this listing panel (meant to be used in conjunction with
 	 * {@link #setView(AddressSetView)}.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the addresses
 	 */
 	public AddressSetView getView() {
@@ -893,8 +908,10 @@ public void setBackgroundColorModel(ListingBackgroundColorModel colorModel) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Sets the background color for the listing panel. This will set the background for the main
-	 * listing display.
+	 * Sets the background color for the listing panel.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This will set the background for the main listing display.
+	 * 
 	 * @param c the color
 	 */
 	public void setTextBackgroundColor(Color c) {
@@ -912,6 +929,7 @@ public Color getTextBackgroundColor() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns true if this component has focus.
+	 * 
 	 * @return true if this component has focus.
 	 */
 	public boolean isActive() {
@@ -920,6 +938,7 @@ public boolean isActive() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns the current program location of the cursor.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the location
 	 */
 	public ProgramLocation getProgramLocation() {
@@ -933,6 +952,7 @@ public ProgramLocation getProgramLocation() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Get a program location for the given point.
+	 * 
 	 * @param point the point
 	 * @return program location, or null if point does not correspond to a program location
 	 */
@@ -947,6 +967,7 @@ public ProgramLocation getProgramLocation(Point point) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Get the margin providers in this ListingPanel.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the providers
 	 */
 	public List<MarginProvider> getMarginProviders() {
@@ -955,6 +976,7 @@ public List<MarginProvider> getMarginProviders() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Get the overview providers in this ListingPanel.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the providers
 	 */
 	public List<OverviewProvider> getOverviewProviders() {
@@ -963,6 +985,7 @@ public List<OverviewProvider> getOverviewProviders() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns true if the mouse is at a location that can be dragged.
+	 * 
 	 * @return true if the mouse is at a location that can be dragged.
 	 */
 	public boolean isStartDragOk() {
@@ -980,7 +1003,7 @@ public void setCursorPosition(ProgramLocation loc) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Sets the cursor to the given program location with a given trigger
-	 *
+	 * <p>
 	 * This method should only be used in automated testing to programmatically simulate a user
 	 * navigating within the listing panel.
 	 *
@@ -1013,6 +1036,7 @@ public Rectangle getCursorBounds() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns the AddressIndexMap currently used by this listing panel.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the map
 	 */
 	public AddressIndexMap getAddressIndexMap() {
@@ -1021,6 +1045,7 @@ public AddressIndexMap getAddressIndexMap() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns the vertical scrollbar used by this panel.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the scroll bar
 	 */
 	public JScrollBar getVerticalScrollBar() {
@@ -1029,6 +1054,7 @@ public JScrollBar getVerticalScrollBar() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns the FormatManager used by this listing panel.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the format manager
 	 */
 	public FormatManager getFormatManager() {
@@ -1070,6 +1096,7 @@ public Program getProgram() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns the current program selection.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the selection
 	 */
 	public ProgramSelection getProgramSelection() {
@@ -1091,6 +1118,7 @@ public void selectAll() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Sets the selection to the complement of the current selection in the listing view.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the addresses
 	 */
 	public AddressSet selectComplement() {
@@ -1196,8 +1224,9 @@ public void selectionChanged(FieldSelection selection, EventTrigger trigger) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the currently selected text. The value will only be non-null for selections within a
-	 * single field.
+	 * Returns the currently selected text.
+	 * <p>
+	 * The value will only be non-null for selections within a single field.
 	 * 
 	 * @return the selected text or null
 	 */
@@ -1210,8 +1239,9 @@ public void enablePropertyBasedColorModel(boolean b) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Sets listing panel to never show scroll bars. This is useful when you want this listing's
-	 * parent to always be as big as this listing.
+	 * Sets listing panel to never show scroll bars.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This is useful when you want this listing's parent to always be as big as this listing.
 	 */
 	public void setNeverSroll() {
 		scroller.setNeverScroll(true);
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/codecompare/listing/ListingDisplayGoToService.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/codecompare/listing/ListingDisplayGoToService.java
index 9173aa8f119..1d1c7fbd0e1 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/codecompare/listing/ListingDisplayGoToService.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/codecompare/listing/ListingDisplayGoToService.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -39,6 +39,7 @@ class ListingDisplayGoToService implements GoToService {
 
 	/**
 	 * Constructs a goTo service for a dual listing panel.
+	 * 
 	 * @param listingPanel the listing panel to be navigated to
 	 */
 	ListingDisplayGoToService(ListingPanel listingPanel) {
@@ -154,9 +155,9 @@ private boolean doGoTo(ProgramLocation loc) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Checks the address to make sure the listing won't navigate outside the addresses
-	 * it currently has loaded. If it is not a valid address it will set a status message 
-	 * on the dual listing.
+	 * Checks the address to make sure the listing won't navigate outside the addresses it currently
+	 * has loaded. If it is not a valid address it will set a status message on the dual listing.
+	 * 
 	 * @param addr the address to check
 	 * @return true if the address is valid for navigation.
 	 */
@@ -167,8 +168,8 @@ private boolean validateAddress(Address addr) {
 		AddressIndexMap map = listingPanel.getAddressIndexMap();
 		AddressSetView addresses = map.getOriginalAddressSet();
 		if (!addresses.contains(addr)) {
-			DockingWindowManager.getActiveInstance().setStatusText(
-				"\"" + addr.toString() + "\" is outside the current listing's view.");
+			DockingWindowManager.getActiveInstance().setStatusText("""
+					"%s" is outside the current listing's view""".formatted(addr));
 			return false;
 		}
 		return true;
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/codecompare/listing/ListingDisplayNavigator.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/codecompare/listing/ListingDisplayNavigator.java
index a489f5db657..6a9fd898ce2 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/codecompare/listing/ListingDisplayNavigator.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/codecompare/listing/ListingDisplayNavigator.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -37,9 +37,9 @@ class ListingDisplayNavigator implements Navigatable {
 
 	/**
 	 * Constructor for a dual listing navigator.
+	 * 
 	 * @param listingPanel the dual listing whose left or right listing panel is to be controlled.
-	 * @param goToService which side LEFT or RIGHT
-	 * false means it's for the right side listing.
+	 * @param goToService which side LEFT or RIGHT. false means it's for the right side listing.
 	 */
 	ListingDisplayNavigator(ListingPanel listingPanel, GoToService goToService) {
 
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/memsearch/gui/MemorySearchPlugin.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/memsearch/gui/MemorySearchPlugin.java
index 033b982df58..fc16ef3c58c 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/memsearch/gui/MemorySearchPlugin.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/memsearch/gui/MemorySearchPlugin.java
@@ -46,7 +46,7 @@
 import ghidra.util.task.*;
 
 /**
- * Plugin for searching program memory. 
+ * Plugin for searching program memory.
  */
 //@formatter:off
 @PluginInfo(
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/memsearch/gui/MemorySearchProvider.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/memsearch/gui/MemorySearchProvider.java
index 485467af623..1530f7a23cb 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/memsearch/gui/MemorySearchProvider.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/features/base/memsearch/gui/MemorySearchProvider.java
@@ -275,7 +275,7 @@ private boolean hasInvalidSearchSettings() {
 	 * Performs a scan on the current results, keeping only the results that match the type of scan.
 	 * Note: this method is public to facilitate testing.
 	 * 
-	 * @param scanner the scanner to use to reduce the results. 
+	 * @param scanner the scanner to use to reduce the results.
 	 */
 	public void scan(Scanner scanner) {
 		setBusy(true);
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/util/table/GhidraTable.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/util/table/GhidraTable.java
index a9bb0f745e7..22059abe041 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/util/table/GhidraTable.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/util/table/GhidraTable.java
@@ -35,12 +35,11 @@
 import ghidra.util.Msg;
 
 /**
- * Navigation is only supported if the underlying table model
- * implements <code>ProgramTableModel</code> and the <code>setGoToService()</code> method
- * has been called with a valid reference.  When both of these conditions are met, then the
- * table will navigate on a user's double-click or on an <code>Enter</code> key press.  Also, if
- * selection navigation is enabled, then this table will navigate <b>any time the selection of
- * the table changes</b>.  To prevent this feature call
+ * Navigation is only supported if the underlying table model implements {@link ProgramTableModel}
+ * and the <code>setGoToService()</code> method has been called with a valid reference. When both of
+ * these conditions are met, then the table will navigate on a user's double-click or on an
+ * <code>Enter</code> key press. Also, if selection navigation is enabled, then this table will
+ * navigate <b>any time the selection of the table changes</b>. To prevent this feature call
  * {@link #setNavigateOnSelectionEnabled(boolean)} with a value of false.
  */
 public class GhidraTable extends GTable {
@@ -61,6 +60,7 @@ public GhidraTable(TableModel model) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Installs the default {@link TableCellRenderer}s for known Ghidra table cell data classes.
+	 * <p>
 	 * Subclasses can override this method to add additional types or to change the default
 	 * associations.
 	 */
@@ -79,10 +79,11 @@ protected void initDefaultRenderers() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Sets the GoTo service to use when navigation is enabled on this table.
+	 * 
 	 * @param goToService the GoTo service
 	 * @param nav the navigable
 	 * @deprecated use {@link #installNavigation(ServiceProvider)} or
-	 * 		{@link #installNavigation(ServiceProvider,Navigatable)}
+	 *             {@link #installNavigation(ServiceProvider,Navigatable)}
 	 */
 	@Deprecated
 	public void installNavigation(GoToService goToService, Navigatable nav) {
@@ -90,9 +91,10 @@ public void installNavigation(GoToService goToService, Navigatable nav) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Sets the service provider to use when navigation is enabled on this table.  The service
-	 * provider will be used to retrieve the {@link GoToService}, as needed after the system has
-	 * been initialized.   If you do not have a {@link Navigatable} preferences, then call
+	 * Sets the service provider to use when navigation is enabled on this table.
+	 * <p>
+	 * The service provider will be used to retrieve the {@link GoToService}, as needed after the
+	 * system has been initialized. If you do not have a {@link Navigatable} preferences, then call
 	 * {@link #installNavigation(ServiceProvider)} instead.
 	 *
 	 * @param sp the service provider
@@ -112,9 +114,10 @@ public void installNavigation(ServiceProvider sp, Navigatable nav) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Sets the service provider to use when navigation is enabled on this table.  The service
-	 * provider will be used to retrieve the {@link GoToService}, as needed after the system has
-	 * been initialized.
+	 * Sets the service provider to use when navigation is enabled on this table.
+	 * <p>
+	 * The service provider will be used to retrieve the {@link GoToService}, as needed after the
+	 * system has been initialized.
 	 *
 	 * @param sp the service provider
 	 */
@@ -164,8 +167,8 @@ public void mouseReleased(MouseEvent e) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Removes any installed navigation components, such as listeners, a navigatable and the
-	 * service provider.
+	 * Removes any installed navigation components, such as listeners, a navigatable and the service
+	 * provider.
 	 */
 	public void removeNavigation() {
 		removeKeyListener(navigationKeyListener);
@@ -178,11 +181,13 @@ public void removeNavigation() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Returns the program selection equivalent to the rows currently selected in the table.
+	 * <p>
 	 * This method is only valid when the underlying table model implements
 	 * {@link ProgramTableModel}.
 	 * <P>
-	 * Returns null if no rows are selected or
-	 * the underlying model does not implement <code>ProgramTableModel</code>.
+	 * Returns null if no rows are selected or the underlying model does not implement
+	 * <code>ProgramTableModel</code>.
+	 * 
 	 * @return the program selection or null.
 	 */
 	public ProgramSelection getProgramSelection() {
@@ -200,8 +205,8 @@ public ProgramSelection getProgramSelection() {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the program being used by this table; null if the underlying model does not
-	 * implement {@link ProgramTableModel}
+	 * Returns the program being used by this table; null if the underlying model does not implement
+	 * {@link ProgramTableModel}
 	 *
 	 * @return the table's program
 	 */
@@ -222,11 +227,11 @@ private ProgramTableModel getProgramTableModel(TableModel model) {
 	}
 
 	/**
+	 * Navigate to the program location denoted by the given row and column
+	 * <p>
 	 * Does nothing if no {@link GoToService} has been installed from
-	 * {@link #installNavigation(GoToService, Navigatable)}.  Also, this method will do
-	 * nothing if this table's <code>TableModel</code> is not an instance of {@link ProgramTableModel}.
-	 * Otherwise, this method will attempt to go to the program location denoted by the
-	 * given row and column.
+	 * {@link #installNavigation(GoToService, Navigatable)}. Also, this method will do nothing if
+	 * this table's <code>TableModel</code> is not an instance of {@link ProgramTableModel}.
 	 *
 	 * @param row the row
 	 * @param column the column
@@ -269,12 +274,13 @@ private int getModelRow(int viewRow) {
 	}
 
 	/**
+	 * Navigate to the program location denoted by the given row and column
+	 * <p>
 	 * Does nothing if no {@link GoToService} has been installed from
-	 * {@link #installNavigation(GoToService, Navigatable)}.  Otherwise, this method will attempt
-	 * to go to the program location denoted by the given row and column.
+	 * {@link #installNavigation(GoToService, Navigatable)}.
 	 * <p>
-	 * This method differs from {@link #navigate(int, int)} in that this method will not
-	 * navigate if {@link #navigateOnSelection} is <code>false</code>.
+	 * This method differs from {@link #navigate(int, int)} in that this method will not navigate if
+	 * {@link #navigateOnSelection} is <code>false</code>.
 	 */
 	protected void navigateOnCurrentSelection(int row, int column) {
 		if (!navigateOnSelection) {
@@ -289,8 +295,9 @@ protected void navigateOnCurrentSelection(int row, int column) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Allows the user to enable and disable the table's feature that triggers navigation on
-	 * certain selection events, like mouse clicking and pressing the 'Enter' key.
+	 * Allows the user to enable and disable the table's feature that triggers navigation on certain
+	 * selection events, like mouse clicking and pressing the 'Enter' key.
+	 * 
 	 * @param enabled true enables the navigation on selection feature.
 	 */
 	public void setNavigateOnSelectionEnabled(boolean enabled) {
@@ -328,6 +335,7 @@ private boolean programIsClosed() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Selects the given row and performs a goto, if applicable.
+	 * 
 	 * @param row The row to select
 	 */
 	@Override
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/util/table/actions/MakeProgramSelectionAction.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/util/table/actions/MakeProgramSelectionAction.java
index 7c09aecbcb0..18401075649 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/util/table/actions/MakeProgramSelectionAction.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/util/table/actions/MakeProgramSelectionAction.java
@@ -34,10 +34,10 @@
 import resources.Icons;
 
 /**
- * An action to make a program selection based on the given table's selection.  For the context to
- * work, the provider using this action must create an {@link ActionContext} that returns a 
- * context object that is the table passed to this action's constructor; otherwise, this action 
- * will not be enabled correctly.
+ * An action to make a program selection based on the given table's selection. For the context to
+ * work, the provider using this action must create an {@link ActionContext} that returns a context
+ * object that is the table passed to this action's constructor; otherwise, this action will not be
+ * enabled correctly.
  */
 public class MakeProgramSelectionAction extends DockingAction {
 
@@ -48,10 +48,13 @@ public class MakeProgramSelectionAction extends DockingAction {
 	private GhidraTable table;
 
 	/**
-	 * Special constructor for clients that do not have a plugin.  Clients using this 
-	 * constructor must override {@link #makeProgramSelection(ProgramSelection, ActionContext)}.
+	 * Special constructor for clients that do not have a plugin.
+	 * <p>
+	 * Clients using this constructor must override
+	 * {@link #makeProgramSelection(ProgramSelection, ActionContext)}.
 	 * 
-	 * <p>Update: the preferred constructor for clients without a plugin is
+	 * <p>
+	 * Update: the preferred constructor for clients without a plugin is
 	 * {@link #MakeProgramSelectionAction(Navigatable, String, GhidraTable)}.
 	 * 
 	 * @param owner the action's owner
@@ -66,8 +69,10 @@ public MakeProgramSelectionAction(String owner, GhidraTable table) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Special constructor for clients that do not have a plugin.  Clients using this 
-	 * constructor must override {@link #makeProgramSelection(ProgramSelection, ActionContext)}.
+	 * Special constructor for clients that do not have a plugin.
+	 * <p>
+	 * Clients using this constructor must override
+	 * {@link #makeProgramSelection(ProgramSelection, ActionContext)}.
 	 * 
 	 * @param navigatable the navigatable that will be used to make selections; may not be null
 	 * @param owner the action's owner
@@ -78,8 +83,10 @@ public MakeProgramSelectionAction(Navigatable navigatable, String owner, GhidraT
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Special constructor for clients that do not have a plugin.  Clients using this 
-	 * constructor must override {@link #makeProgramSelection(ProgramSelection, ActionContext)}.
+	 * Special constructor for clients that do not have a plugin.
+	 * <p>
+	 * Clients using this constructor must override
+	 * {@link #makeProgramSelection(ProgramSelection, ActionContext)}.
 	 * 
 	 * @param navigatable the navigatable that will be used to make selections; may not be null
 	 * @param owner the action's owner
@@ -95,8 +102,10 @@ public MakeProgramSelectionAction(Navigatable navigatable, String owner, GhidraT
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * This normal constructor for this action.  The given plugin will be used along with the
-	 * given table to fire program selection events as the action is executed.
+	 * The normal constructor for this action.
+	 * <p>
+	 * The given plugin will be used along with the given table to fire program selection events as
+	 * the action is executed.
 	 * 
 	 * @param plugin the plugin
 	 * @param table the table
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test.slow/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/ExternalCodeBrowserNavigationTest.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test.slow/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/ExternalCodeBrowserNavigationTest.java
index a5f9cb83fb3..3cd9e69bdc5 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test.slow/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/ExternalCodeBrowserNavigationTest.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test.slow/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/codebrowser/ExternalCodeBrowserNavigationTest.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -15,7 +15,8 @@
  */
 package ghidra.app.plugin.core.codebrowser;
 
-import static org.junit.Assert.*;
+import static org.junit.Assert.assertEquals;
+import static org.junit.Assert.assertNotNull;
 
 import javax.swing.table.TableColumnModel;
 import javax.swing.table.TableModel;
@@ -57,7 +58,6 @@ public void setUp() throws Exception {
 		GoToHelper spyGoToHelper = new GoToHelper(tool) {
 			@Override
 			public boolean goTo(final Navigatable navigatable, ProgramLocation loc, Program p) {
-
 				Msg.debug(this, "goTo() called with " + loc);
 
 				// Track last navigation location
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test/java/ghidra/app/nav/TestDummyNavigatable.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test/java/ghidra/app/nav/TestDummyNavigatable.java
index 1043cee0c5f..f4bb5d1b01b 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test/java/ghidra/app/nav/TestDummyNavigatable.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test/java/ghidra/app/nav/TestDummyNavigatable.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -23,8 +23,8 @@
 import ghidra.program.util.ProgramSelection;
 
 /**
- * A stub of the {@link Navigatable} interface.  This can be used to supply a test navigatable 
- * or to spy on system internals by overriding methods as needed.
+ * A stub of the {@link Navigatable} interface. This can be used to supply a test navigatable or to
+ * spy on system internals by overriding methods as needed.
  */
 public class TestDummyNavigatable implements Navigatable {
 
@@ -148,7 +148,8 @@ public void setHighlightProvider(ListingHighlightProvider highlightProvider, Pro
 	}
 
 	@Override
-	public void removeHighlightProvider(ListingHighlightProvider highlightProvider, Program program) {
+	public void removeHighlightProvider(ListingHighlightProvider highlightProvider,
+			Program program) {
 		// stub
 	}
 }
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test/java/ghidra/app/services/TestDummyGoToService.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test/java/ghidra/app/services/TestDummyGoToService.java
index d82a4e61c27..3e332dce56d 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test/java/ghidra/app/services/TestDummyGoToService.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/test/java/ghidra/app/services/TestDummyGoToService.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -23,8 +23,8 @@
 import ghidra.util.task.TaskMonitor;
 
 /**
- * A stub of the {@link GoToService} interface.   This can be used to supply a test version
- * of the service or to spy on system internals by overriding methods as needed.
+ * A stub of the {@link GoToService} interface. This can be used to supply a test version of the
+ * service or to spy on system internals by overriding methods as needed.
  */
 public class TestDummyGoToService implements GoToService {
 
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Decompiler/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/decompile/DecompilerProvider.java b/Ghidra/Features/Decompiler/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/decompile/DecompilerProvider.java
index a65db5a0182..f3a0e582af6 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Decompiler/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/decompile/DecompilerProvider.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Decompiler/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/decompile/DecompilerProvider.java
@@ -252,7 +252,6 @@ public ProgramLocation getLocation() {
 
 	@Override
 	public boolean goTo(Program gotoProgram, ProgramLocation location) {
-
 		if (!isConnected()) {
 			if (program == null) {
 				// Special Case: this 'disconnected' provider is waiting to be initialized
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/FunctionGraph/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/functiongraph/FGProvider.java b/Ghidra/Features/FunctionGraph/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/functiongraph/FGProvider.java
index ba1362dde8d..2eac2e26fd3 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/FunctionGraph/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/functiongraph/FGProvider.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/FunctionGraph/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/functiongraph/FGProvider.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -15,7 +15,7 @@
  */
 package ghidra.app.plugin.core.functiongraph;
 
-import static ghidra.framework.model.DomainObjectEvent.*;
+import static ghidra.framework.model.DomainObjectEvent.RESTORED;
 import static ghidra.program.util.ProgramEvent.*;
 
 import java.awt.event.MouseEvent;
@@ -243,8 +243,9 @@ public void setPopupsVisible(boolean visible) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Gives to the clipboard of this provider the given string.  This will prime the clipboard
-	 * such that a copy action will copy the given string.
+	 * Gives to the clipboard of this provider the given string.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This will prime the clipboard such that a copy action will copy the given string.
 	 *
 	 * @param string the string to set
 	 */
@@ -354,9 +355,11 @@ public JComponent getComponent() {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Called to signal to this provider that it should update its state due to a new function
-	 * being graphed.  The UI is updated by the controller without this provider's knowledge.
-	 * This call here is to signal that the provider needs to update its metadata.
+	 * Called to signal to this provider that it should update its state due to a new function being
+	 * graphed.
+	 * <p>
+	 * The UI is updated by the controller without this provider's knowledge. This call here is to
+	 * signal that the provider needs to update its metadata.
 	 */
 	public void functionGraphDataChanged() {
 		updateTitle();
@@ -480,8 +483,8 @@ void programClosed(Program program) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Called when for location changes that are <b>external</b> to the function graph (e.g.,
-	 * when the user clicks in Ghidra's Listing window)
+	 * Called when for location changes that are <b>external</b> to the function graph (e.g., when
+	 * the user clicks in Ghidra's Listing window)
 	 *
 	 * @param newLocation the new location
 	 */
@@ -533,8 +536,7 @@ void displayLocation(ProgramLocation newLocation) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Tells this provider to refresh, which means to rebuild the graph and relayout the
-	 * vertices.
+	 * Tells this provider to refresh, which means to rebuild the graph and relayout the vertices.
 	 */
 	private void refresh(boolean keepPerspective) {
 		FGData functionGraphData = controller.getFunctionGraphData();
@@ -563,16 +565,16 @@ private void refresh(boolean keepPerspective) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Rebuilds the graph and restores the zoom and location of the graph to the values prior
-	 * to rebuilding.
+	 * Rebuilds the graph and restores the zoom and location of the graph to the values prior to
+	 * rebuilding.
 	 */
 	public void refreshAndKeepPerspective() {
 		refresh(true);
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Rebuilds the graph <b>and</b> will zoom the graph such that it fits on the screen and
-	 * is centered.
+	 * Rebuilds the graph <b>and</b> will zoom the graph such that it fits on the screen and is
+	 * centered.
 	 */
 	public void refreshAndResetPerspective() {
 		refresh(false);
@@ -643,8 +645,8 @@ else if (ev.contains(SYMBOL_RENAMED)) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true when something destructive has happened to the data upon which the graph
-	 * has created, like a memory block move.
+	 * Returns true when something destructive has happened to the data upon which the graph has
+	 * created, like a memory block move.
 	 */
 	private boolean graphDataMissing() {
 		FGData data = controller.getFunctionGraphData();
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/ProgramDiff/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/diff/DiffGoToService.java b/Ghidra/Features/ProgramDiff/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/diff/DiffGoToService.java
index 68096190309..df89a57f36a 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/ProgramDiff/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/diff/DiffGoToService.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/ProgramDiff/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/diff/DiffGoToService.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -26,8 +26,8 @@
 import ghidra.util.task.TaskMonitor;
 
 /**
- * A service that provides the ability to go to a particular address or location in the 
- * right-hand listing of the Diff.
+ * A service that provides the ability to go to a particular address or location in the right-hand
+ * listing of the Diff.
  */
 public class DiffGoToService implements GoToService {
 
@@ -36,10 +36,11 @@ public class DiffGoToService implements GoToService {
 	private GoToHelper helper;
 
 	/**
-	 * Creates a service that provides the ability to go to a particular address or location 
-	 * in the right-hand listing of the Diff.
-	 * @param goToService basic GoToService for the left-side listing that this will override
-	 * so it can go to addresses and locations in the right-side listing.
+	 * Creates a service that provides the ability to go to a particular address or location in the
+	 * right-hand listing of the Diff.
+	 * 
+	 * @param goToService basic GoToService for the left-side listing that this will override so it
+	 *            can go to addresses and locations in the right-side listing.
 	 * @param diffPlugin the plugin which provides the Diff capability.
 	 */
 	public DiffGoToService(GoToService goToService, ProgramDiffPlugin diffPlugin) {
@@ -171,12 +172,13 @@ public Navigatable getDefaultNavigatable() {
 	}
 
 	private void showProgramFailureStatus() {
-		diffPlugin.getTool().setStatusInfo(
-			"Can't navigate from the Diff program to another program.");
+		diffPlugin.getTool()
+				.setStatusInfo("Can't navigate from the Diff program to another program.");
 	}
 
 	/**
 	 * Go to the specified program location in the right hand Diff listing.
+	 * 
 	 * @param loc go to this location
 	 * @return true if the listing went to the location.
 	 */
@@ -196,6 +198,7 @@ private boolean diffGoTo(ProgramLocation loc) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Go to the specified address in the right hand Diff listing.
+	 * 
 	 * @param addr go to this address
 	 * @return true if the listing went to the address.
 	 */
@@ -210,12 +213,11 @@ private boolean diffGoTo(Address addr) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Saving the first program's location (the left listing) in the navigation history.
-	 * The second program's location (the right listing) isn't saved since the navigation is
-	 * relative to a program in the tool's main listing. Also, if the second program's
-	 * locations were saved in the history, their program wouldn't be found and would cause
-	 * errors when restarting the application with the tool and primary program displayed, but 
-	 * no Diff program.
+	 * Saving the first program's location (the left listing) in the navigation history. The second
+	 * program's location (the right listing) isn't saved since the navigation is relative to a
+	 * program in the tool's main listing. Also, if the second program's locations were saved in the
+	 * history, their program wouldn't be found and would cause errors when restarting the
+	 * application with the tool and primary program displayed, but no Diff program.
 	 */
 	private void saveLocation() {
 		Program firstProgram = diffPlugin.getFirstProgram();
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/ProgramDiff/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/diff/DiffNavigatable.java b/Ghidra/Features/ProgramDiff/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/diff/DiffNavigatable.java
index e10412929ab..32567932c5c 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/ProgramDiff/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/diff/DiffNavigatable.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/ProgramDiff/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/diff/DiffNavigatable.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -27,9 +27,8 @@
 import ghidra.util.datastruct.WeakSet;
 
 /**
- * This is a navigatable for use by the right-hand listing of the Diff.
- * It should navigate within the Diff's listing, which would then reposition 
- * the CodeViewer's listing.
+ * This is a navigatable for use by the right-hand listing of the Diff. It should navigate within
+ * the Diff's listing, which would then reposition the CodeViewer's listing.
  */
 class DiffNavigatable implements Navigatable {
 
@@ -40,8 +39,11 @@ class DiffNavigatable implements Navigatable {
 		WeakDataStructureFactory.createCopyOnWriteWeakSet();
 
 	/**
-	 * The navigatable for the Diff. The CodeViewerService provides Diff with a listing,
-	 * so where appropriate this navigatable will defer to the CodeViewerService navigatable.
+	 * The navigatable for the Diff.
+	 * <p>
+	 * The CodeViewerService provides Diff with a listing, so where appropriate this navigatable
+	 * will defer to the CodeViewerService navigatable.
+	 * 
 	 * @param diffPlugin the plugin for the Diff which can be used to obtain needed info.
 	 * @param navigatable navigatable that the CodeViewerService provides.
 	 */
@@ -179,7 +181,8 @@ public void setHighlightProvider(ListingHighlightProvider highlightProvider, Pro
 	}
 
 	@Override
-	public void removeHighlightProvider(ListingHighlightProvider highlightProvider, Program program) {
+	public void removeHighlightProvider(ListingHighlightProvider highlightProvider,
+			Program program) {
 		// CodeViewerProvider handles the other listing (the Diff listing) highlights.
 		navigatable.removeHighlightProvider(highlightProvider, program);
 	}
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/VersionTracking/src/main/java/ghidra/feature/vt/gui/duallisting/VTListingNavigator.java b/Ghidra/Features/VersionTracking/src/main/java/ghidra/feature/vt/gui/duallisting/VTListingNavigator.java
index 934c82ac9b2..bf1a9103a6d 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/VersionTracking/src/main/java/ghidra/feature/vt/gui/duallisting/VTListingNavigator.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/VersionTracking/src/main/java/ghidra/feature/vt/gui/duallisting/VTListingNavigator.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/Docking/src/main/java/docking/widgets/fieldpanel/FieldPanel.java b/Ghidra/Framework/Docking/src/main/java/docking/widgets/fieldpanel/FieldPanel.java
index 0f6436b48c1..2b9741c4096 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/Docking/src/main/java/docking/widgets/fieldpanel/FieldPanel.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/Docking/src/main/java/docking/widgets/fieldpanel/FieldPanel.java
@@ -15,7 +15,8 @@
  */
 package docking.widgets.fieldpanel;
 
-import static docking.widgets.EventTrigger.*;
+import static docking.widgets.EventTrigger.API_CALL;
+import static docking.widgets.EventTrigger.INTERNAL_ONLY;
 
 import java.awt.*;
 import java.awt.event.*;
@@ -347,6 +348,7 @@ public List<AnchoredLayout> getVisibleLayouts() {
 	/**
 	 * Returns true if the given field location is rendered on the screen; false if scrolled
 	 * offscreen
+	 * 
 	 * @param location the location
 	 * @return true if the location is on the screen
 	 */
@@ -689,8 +691,9 @@ public HoverHandler getHoverHandler() {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the Field at the given x,y coordinates. Note the x,y must currently be visible on the
-	 * screen or else this method will return null.
+	 * Returns the Field at the given x,y coordinates.
+	 * <p>
+	 * Note the x,y must currently be visible on the screen or else this method will return null.
 	 *
 	 * @param x the x mouse coordinate in the component.
 	 * @param y the y mouse coordinate in the component.
@@ -841,8 +844,9 @@ public boolean setCursorPosition(BigInteger index, int fieldNum, int row, int co
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Sets the cursor on or off. When the cursor is turned off, there is no visible cursor
-	 * displayed on the screen.
+	 * Sets the cursor on or off.
+	 * <p>
+	 * When the cursor is turned off, there is no visible cursor displayed on the screen.
 	 *
 	 * @param cursorOn true turns the cursor on, false turns it off.
 	 */
@@ -871,6 +875,7 @@ public void scrollToCursor() {
 	 * @param fieldNum the field on the line to go to.
 	 * @param row the row in the field to go to.
 	 * @param col the column in the field to go to.
+	 * @param trigger the cause of the go to
 	 * @param alwaysCenterCursor if true, centers cursor on screen. Otherwise, only centers cursor
 	 *            if cursor is offscreen.
 	 */
@@ -945,8 +950,9 @@ public void setHighlightColor(Color color) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns a ViewerPosition object which contains the top of screen information. The
-	 * ViewerPosition will have the index of the layout at the top of the screen and the yPos of
+	 * Returns a ViewerPosition object which contains the top of screen information.
+	 * <p>
+	 * The ViewerPosition will have the index of the layout at the top of the screen and the yPos of
 	 * that layout. For example, if the layout is completely displayed, yPos will be 0. If part of
 	 * the layout is off the top off the screen, then yPos will have a negative value (indicating
 	 * that it begins above the displayable part of the screen.
@@ -962,8 +968,10 @@ public ViewerPosition getViewerPosition() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Scrolls the display to show the layout specified by index at the vertical position specified
-	 * by yPos. Generally, the index will be layout at the top of the screen and the yPos will be
-	 * &lt;= 0, meaning the layout may be partially off the top of the screen.
+	 * by yPos.
+	 * <p>
+	 * Generally, the index will be layout at the top of the screen and the yPos will be &lt;= 0,
+	 * meaning the layout may be partially off the top of the screen.
 	 *
 	 * @param index the index of the layout to show at the top of the screen.
 	 * @param xPos the x position to set.
@@ -1329,6 +1337,7 @@ private AnchoredLayout findClosestLayoutOnScreen(BigInteger index) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Finds the layout containing the given y position.
+	 * 
 	 * @param y the y location
 	 * @return the layout.
 	 */
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/Graph/src/main/java/ghidra/graph/featurette/VgSatelliteFeaturette.java b/Ghidra/Framework/Graph/src/main/java/ghidra/graph/featurette/VgSatelliteFeaturette.java
index 0dda9713d92..e562ac76fba 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/Graph/src/main/java/ghidra/graph/featurette/VgSatelliteFeaturette.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/Graph/src/main/java/ghidra/graph/featurette/VgSatelliteFeaturette.java
@@ -172,11 +172,10 @@ public boolean isAddToPopup(ActionContext context) {
 					return false;
 				}
 
-				if (!(context instanceof VisualGraphActionContext)) {
+				if (!(context instanceof VisualGraphActionContext vgContext)) {
 					return false;
 				}
 
-				VisualGraphActionContext vgContext = (VisualGraphActionContext) context;
 				return vgContext.shouldShowSatelliteActions();
 			}
 		};
@@ -200,11 +199,10 @@ public boolean isAddToPopup(ActionContext context) {
 					return false;
 				}
 
-				if (!(context instanceof VisualGraphActionContext)) {
+				if (!(context instanceof VisualGraphActionContext vgContext)) {
 					return false;
 				}
 
-				VisualGraphActionContext vgContext = (VisualGraphActionContext) context;
 				return vgContext.shouldShowSatelliteActions();
 			}
 		};
```
-----------------------------------
