# Commit: c2d0dd08a3322570800aaa9c430ca8f9f195768d
## Message: GP-3938: Several improvements to the Terminal.
## Diff:
```
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalLayoutModel.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalLayoutModel.java
index cc5ff995ee1..cbc6c14c97b 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalLayoutModel.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalLayoutModel.java
@@ -29,9 +29,11 @@
 import docking.widgets.fieldpanel.listener.LayoutModelListener;
 import docking.widgets.fieldpanel.support.FieldLocation;
 import docking.widgets.fieldpanel.support.FieldRange;
+import generic.theme.Gui;
 import ghidra.app.plugin.core.terminal.vt.*;
 import ghidra.app.plugin.core.terminal.vt.AnsiColorResolver.ReverseVideo;
 import ghidra.app.plugin.core.terminal.vt.VtCharset.G;
+import ghidra.framework.Application;
 import ghidra.util.*;
 
 /**
@@ -94,6 +96,7 @@ protected boolean removeEldestEntry(Map.Entry<VtLine, TerminalLayout> eldest) {
 	// Flags for what's been enabled
 	protected boolean showCursor;
 	protected boolean bracketedPaste;
+	protected boolean themeChangeNotification;
 	protected boolean win32InputMode; // not implemented
 	protected boolean reportMousePress;
 	protected boolean reportMouseRelease;
@@ -109,7 +112,6 @@ protected boolean removeEldestEntry(Map.Entry<VtLine, TerminalLayout> eldest) {
 	 * @param panel the panel to receive commands from the model's VT/ANSI parser
 	 * @param charset the charset for decoding bytes to characters
 	 * @param metrics font metrics for the monospaced terminal font
-	 * @param fontSizeAdjustment the font size adjustment
 	 * @param colors a resolver for ANSI colors
 	 */
 	public TerminalLayoutModel(TerminalPanel panel, Charset charset, FontMetrics metrics,
@@ -140,6 +142,7 @@ public void handleFullReset() {
 		buffer = bufPrimary;
 
 		bracketedPaste = false;
+		themeChangeNotification = false;
 		win32InputMode = false;
 		reportMousePress = false;
 		reportMouseRelease = false;
@@ -221,7 +224,7 @@ protected void buildLayouts() {
 			if (i < layouts.size()) {
 				TerminalLayout layout = layouts.get(i);
 				if (layout.line == line) {
-					return; // Already checked for line.clearDirty()
+					return;
 				}
 				layout = layoutCache.computeIfAbsent(line, this::newLayout);
 				layouts.set(i, layout);
@@ -285,8 +288,24 @@ protected void doHandleCharBytes() {
 		while (cb.hasRemaining()) {
 			try {
 				// A little strange using both unicode and vt charsets....
-				buffer.putChar(curVtCharset.mapChar(cb.get()));
-				buffer.moveCursorRight(1, true, showCursor);
+				char maybeHighSurrogate = cb.get();
+				if (Character.isHighSurrogate(maybeHighSurrogate)) {
+					char betterBeLowSurrogate = cb.get();
+					if (Character.isLowSurrogate(betterBeLowSurrogate)) {
+						buffer.putCodePoint(curVtCharset.mapCodePoint(
+							Character.toCodePoint(maybeHighSurrogate, betterBeLowSurrogate)));
+						buffer.moveCursorRight(1, true, showCursor);
+					}
+					else {
+						buffer.putCodePoint(curVtCharset.mapCodePoint(maybeHighSurrogate));
+						buffer.putCodePoint(curVtCharset.mapCodePoint(betterBeLowSurrogate));
+						buffer.moveCursorRight(2, true, showCursor);
+					}
+				}
+				else {
+					buffer.putCodePoint(curVtCharset.mapCodePoint(maybeHighSurrogate));
+					buffer.moveCursorRight(1, true, showCursor);
+				}
 			}
 			catch (Throwable t) {
 				Msg.error(this, "Error handling character: " + t, t);
@@ -499,7 +518,23 @@ public void handleAltScreenBuffer(boolean alt, boolean clearAlt) {
 	public void handleBracketedPasteMode(boolean en) {
 		this.bracketedPaste = en;
 	}
-	
+
+	@Override
+	public void handleThemeChangeNotification(boolean en) {
+		this.themeChangeNotification = en;
+	}
+
+	@Override
+	public void handleQueryTheme() {
+		panel.responseEncoder.reportDarkMode(Gui.isDarkTheme());
+	}
+
+	@Override
+	public void handleXTVersion() {
+		panel.responseEncoder.reportXTVersion("GhidraTerminal",
+			Application.getApplicationVersion());
+	}
+
 	@Override
 	public void handleWin32InputMode(boolean en) {
 		this.win32InputMode = en;
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalPanel.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalPanel.java
index 0f7ad43bdb3..5c7e151d227 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalPanel.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalPanel.java
@@ -381,6 +381,9 @@ protected void notifyTerminalTerminated(int exitcode) {
 	public void themeChanged(ThemeEvent event) {
 		if (event.isLookAndFeelChanged()) {
 			setFont(Gui.getFont(DEFAULT_FONT_ID));
+			if (model.themeChangeNotification) {
+				responseEncoder.reportDarkMode(Gui.isDarkTheme());
+			}
 		}
 		if (event.isFontChanged(DEFAULT_FONT_ID)) {
 			setFont(Gui.getFont(DEFAULT_FONT_ID));
@@ -775,8 +778,13 @@ protected void resizeTerminalToWindow() {
 			return;
 		}
 		Rectangle bounds = scroller.getViewportBorderBounds();
-		int cols = bounds.width / metrics.charWidth('M');
-		int rows = bounds.height / metrics.getHeight();
+		int mWidth = metrics.charWidth('M');
+		int mHeight = metrics.getHeight();
+		if (mWidth == 0 || mHeight == 0) {
+			return;
+		}
+		int cols = bounds.width / mWidth;
+		int rows = bounds.height / mHeight;
 		resizeTerminal((short) cols, (short) rows);
 	}
 
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalTextFieldElement.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalTextFieldElement.java
index adcf7316133..07610ace052 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalTextFieldElement.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalTextFieldElement.java
@@ -29,7 +29,7 @@
  * A text field element for rendering a full line of terminal text
  * 
  * <p>
- * {@link TerminalTextFields} are populated by a single element. The typical pattern seems to be to
+ * {@link TerminalTextField}s are populated by a single element. The typical pattern seems to be to
  * create a separate element for each bit of text having common attributes. This pattern would
  * generate quite a bit of garbage, since the terminal contents change frequently. Every time a line
  * content changed, we'd have to re-construct the elements. Instead, we use a single re-usable
@@ -103,7 +103,9 @@ public int getHeightBelow() {
 
 	@Override
 	public char charAt(int index) {
-		return line.getChar(index);
+		StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder();
+		line.gatherText(sb, 0, line.length());
+		return sb.charAt(index);
 	}
 
 	@Override
@@ -162,7 +164,7 @@ public void close() {
 
 	protected void paintChars(JComponent c, Graphics g, int x, int y, VtAttributes attrs, int start,
 			int end) {
-		char[] ch = line.getCharBuffer();
+		int[] cps = line.getCodePointBuffer();
 		int descent = metrics.getDescent();
 		int height = metrics.getHeight();
 		int left = x + start * em;
@@ -205,6 +207,12 @@ protected void paintChars(JComponent c, Graphics g, int x, int y, VtAttributes a
 				case NONE:
 			}
 
+			/**
+			 * Draw each character individually, so I can force grid alignment, even in cases where
+			 * the glyph happens to not match width. (Could be a special glyph or a non-monospaced
+			 * font.)
+			 */
+			char[] ch = new char[2]; // Max length of UTF-16 encoding for a single code point
 			for (int i = start; i < end; i++) {
 				/**
 				 * HACK: The default monospaced font selected by Java may not have glyphs for the
@@ -213,16 +221,17 @@ protected void paintChars(JComponent c, Graphics g, int x, int y, VtAttributes a
 				 * monospaced. This is not acceptable. To deal with that, when we find a glyph whose
 				 * width does not match, we'll scale it horizontally so that it does.
 				 */
-				int chW = metrics.charWidth(ch[i]);
+				int chW = metrics.charWidth(cps[i]);
+				int len = Character.toChars(cps[i], ch, 0);
 				if (chW != em) {
 					try (SaveTransform st = new SaveTransform(g)) {
 						st.g.translate(x + em * i, 0);
 						st.g.scale((double) em / chW, 1.0);
-						st.g.drawChars(ch, i, 1, 0, 0);
+						st.g.drawChars(ch, 0, len, 0, 0);
 					}
 				}
 				else {
-					g.drawChars(ch, i, 1, x + em * i, 0);
+					g.drawChars(ch, 0, len, x + em * i, 0);
 				}
 			}
 			if (attrs.strikeThrough()) {
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtBuffer.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtBuffer.java
index ded24e78b0e..ed045c3c70c 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtBuffer.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtBuffer.java
@@ -22,12 +22,12 @@
 
 /**
  * A buffer for a terminal display and scroll-back
- * 
  * <p>
  * This object implements all of the buffer, line, and character manipulations available in the
  * terminal. It's likely more will need to be added in the future. While the ANSI VT parser
  * determines what commands to execute, this buffer provides the actual implementation of those
- * commands.
+ * commands. To best support unicode, including supplemental characters, this buffer and its
+ * {@link VtLine}s operate on arrays of code points.
  */
 public class VtBuffer {
 	public static final int DEFAULT_ROWS = 25;
@@ -91,7 +91,6 @@ public void reset() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Get the number of rows in the display
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * This is not just the number of rows currently being used. This is the "rows" dimension of the
 	 * display, i.e., the maximum number of rows it can display before scrolling.
@@ -104,7 +103,6 @@ public int getRows() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Get the number of columns in the display
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * This is not just the number of columns currently being used. This is the "columns" dimension
 	 * of the display, i.e., the maximum number of characters in a rows before wrapping.
@@ -117,7 +115,6 @@ public int getCols() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Put the given character at the cursor, and move the cursor forward
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * The cursor's current attributes are applied to the character.
 	 * 
@@ -125,7 +122,7 @@ public int getCols() {
 	 * @see #setAttributes(VtAttributes)
 	 * @see #getAttributes()
 	 */
-	public void putChar(char c) {
+	public void putCodePoint(int c) {
 		if (c == 0) {
 			return;
 		}
@@ -138,7 +135,7 @@ public void putChar(char c) {
 			curY = Math.max(0, curY - 1);
 		}
 		// At this point, we have no choice but to wrap
-		lines.get(curY).putChar(curX, c, curAttrs);
+		lines.get(curY).putCodePoint(curX, c, curAttrs);
 	}
 
 	/**
@@ -162,7 +159,6 @@ public void tabBack() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Move the cursor back to the beginning of the line
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * This does <em>not</em> move the cursor down.
 	 */
@@ -179,11 +175,12 @@ public void carriageReturn() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Scroll the viewport down a line
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * The lines are shifted upward. The line at the top of the viewport is removed, and a blank
 	 * line is inserted at the bottom of the viewport. If the viewport includes the display's top
 	 * line and intoScrollBack is specified, the line is shifted into the scroll-back buffer.
+	 * 
+	 * @param intoScrollBack true to shift the top lines into the scroll-back buffer
 	 */
 	public void scrollViewportDown(boolean intoScrollBack) {
 		if (scrollStart == scrollEnd) {
@@ -209,7 +206,6 @@ public void scrollViewportDown(boolean intoScrollBack) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Scroll the viewport up a line
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * The lines are shifted downward. The line at the bottom of the viewport is removed, and a
 	 * blank line is inserted at the top of the viewport.
@@ -234,10 +230,10 @@ public void checkVerticalScroll() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Move the cursor up n rows
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * The cursor cannot move above the top of the display. The value of n must be positive,
-	 * otherwise behavior is undefined. To move the cursor down, use {@link #moveCursorDown(int)}.
+	 * otherwise behavior is undefined. To move the cursor down, use
+	 * {@link #moveCursorDown(int, boolean)}.
 	 * 
 	 * @param n the number of rows to move the cursor up
 	 */
@@ -247,12 +243,10 @@ public void moveCursorUp(int n) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Move the cursor down n rows
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * If the cursor would move below the bottom of the display, the viewport will be scrolled so
 	 * that the cursor remains in the display. The value of n must be positive, otherwise behavior
 	 * is undefined. To move the cursor up, use {@link #moveCursorUp(int)}.
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * ConPty has a habit of moving the cursor past the end of the current line before sending CRLF.
 	 * (Though, I imagine there are other applications that might do this.) The {@code dedupWrap}
@@ -278,13 +272,13 @@ public void moveCursorDown(int n, boolean dedupWrap) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Move the cursor left (backward) n columns
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * The cursor is clamped into the display. If wrap is specified, the cursor would exceed the
 	 * left side of the display, and the previous line was wrapped onto the current line, then the
 	 * cursor will instead be moved to the end of the previous line. (It doesn't matter how far the
 	 * cursor would exceed the left; it moves up at most one line.) The value of n must be positive,
-	 * otherwise behavior is undefined. To move the cursor right, use {@link #moveCursorRight(int)}.
+	 * otherwise behavior is undefined. To move the cursor right, use
+	 * {@link #moveCursorRight(int, boolean, boolean)}.
 	 * 
 	 * @param n the number of columns
 	 * @param wrap whether to wrap the cursor to the previous line if would exceed the left of the
@@ -303,17 +297,18 @@ public void moveCursorLeft(int n, boolean wrap) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Move the cursor right (forward) n columns
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * The cursor is clamped into the display. If wrap is specified and the cursor would exceed the
 	 * right side of the display, the cursor will instead be wrapped to the start of the next line,
 	 * possibly scrolling the viewport down. (It doesn't matter how far the cursor exceeds the
 	 * right; the cursor moves down exactly one line.) The value of n must be positive, otherwise
-	 * behavior is undefined. To move the cursor left, use {@link #moveCursorLeft(int)}.
+	 * behavior is undefined. To move the cursor left, use {@link #moveCursorLeft(int, boolean)}.
 	 * 
 	 * @param n the number of columns
 	 * @param wrap whether to wrap the cursor to the next line if it would exceed the right of the
 	 *            display
+	 * @param isCursorShowing indicates whether the cursor is currently showing, which may affect
+	 *            wrapping behavior
 	 */
 	public void moveCursorRight(int n, boolean wrap, boolean isCursorShowing) {
 		if (wrap && curX + n >= cols) {
@@ -349,7 +344,6 @@ public void moveCursorRight(int n, boolean wrap, boolean isCursorShowing) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Save the current cursor position
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * There is only one slot for the saved cursor. It is not a stack or anything fancy. To restore
 	 * the cursor, use {@link #restoreCursorPos()}. The advantage to using this vice
@@ -363,7 +357,6 @@ public void saveCursorPos() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Restore a saved cursor position
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * If there was no previous call to {@link #saveCursorPos()}, the cursor is placed at the
 	 * top-left of the display.
@@ -376,7 +369,6 @@ public void restoreCursorPos() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Move the cursor to the given row and column
-	 *
 	 * <p>
 	 * The position is clamped to the dimensions of the display. No scrolling will take place if
 	 * {@code col} exceeds the number of rows.
@@ -392,10 +384,9 @@ public void moveCursor(int row, int col) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Get the cursor's current attributes
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
-	 * Characters put into the buffer via {@link #putChar(char)} are assigned the cursor's current
-	 * attributes at the time they are inserted.
+	 * Characters put into the buffer via {@link #putCodePoint(int)} are assigned the cursor's
+	 * current attributes at the time they are inserted.
 	 * 
 	 * @see #setAttributes(VtAttributes)
 	 * @return the current attributes
@@ -406,11 +397,11 @@ public VtAttributes getAttributes() {
 
 	/**
 	 * Set the cursor's current attributes
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * These are usually the attributes given by the ANSI SGR control sequences. They may not affect
 	 * the display of the cursor itself, but rather of the characters placed at the cursor via
-	 * {@link #putChar(char)}. NOTE: Not all attributes are necessarily supported by the renderer.
+	 * {@link #putCodePoint(int)}. NOTE: Not all attributes are necessarily supported by the
+	 * renderer.
 	 * 
 	 * @param attributes the desired attributes
 	 */
@@ -420,7 +411,6 @@ public void setAttributes(VtAttributes attributes) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Erase (clear) some portion of the display buffer
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * If the current line is erased from start to the cursor, the cursor's attributes are applied
 	 * to the cleared columns.
@@ -488,7 +478,6 @@ public void erase(Erasure erasure) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Insert n blank lines at the cursor
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * Lines at the bottom of the viewport are removed and all the lines between the cursor and the
 	 * bottom of the viewport are shifted down, to make room for n blank lines. None of the lines
@@ -506,7 +495,6 @@ public void insertLines(int n) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Delete n lines at the cursor
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * Lines at (and immediately below) the cursor are removed and all lines between the cursor and
 	 * the bottom of the viewport are shifted up to make room for n blank lines inserted at (and
@@ -524,7 +512,6 @@ public void deleteLines(int n) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Insert n blank characters at the cursor
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * Any characters right the cursor on the same line are shifted right to make room and n blanks
 	 * are inserted at (and to the right) of the cursor. No wrapping occurs. Characters that would
@@ -542,7 +529,6 @@ public void insertChars(int n) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Delete n characters at the cursor
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * Characters at (and {@code n-1} to the right) of the cursor are deleted. The remaining
 	 * characters to the right are shifted left {@code n} columns.
@@ -558,7 +544,6 @@ public void deleteChars(int n) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Erase n characters at the cursor
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * Characters at (and {@code n-1} to the right) of the cursor are erased, i.e., replaced with
 	 * blanks. No shifting takes place.
@@ -574,7 +559,6 @@ public void eraseChars(int n) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Specify the scrolling viewport of the buffer
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * By default, the viewport is the entire display, and scrolling the viewport downward may cause
 	 * lines to enter the scroll-back buffer. The buffer manages these boundaries so that they can
@@ -609,7 +593,6 @@ public void setScrollViewport(Integer start, Integer end) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Resize the buffer to the given number of rows and columns
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * The viewport is reset to include the full display. Each line, including those in the
 	 * scroll-back buffer are resized to match the requested number of columns. If the row count is
@@ -669,7 +652,6 @@ public boolean resize(int cols, int rows) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Adjust the maximum number of lines in the scroll-back buffer
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * If the scroll-back buffer exceeds the given maximum, it is immediately culled.
 	 * 
@@ -722,7 +704,6 @@ public void forEachLine(boolean includeScrollBack, LineConsumer action) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Get the total number of lines, including scroll-back lines, in the buffer
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * This is equal to {@link #getScrollBackSize()}{@code +}{@link #getRows()}.
 	 * 
@@ -792,15 +773,13 @@ protected boolean gatherLineText(StringBuilder sb, int startRow, int startCol, i
 
 	/**
 	 * Get the text between two locations in the buffer
-	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * The buffer attempts to avoid extraneous space at the end of each line. This isn't always
 	 * perfect and depends on how lines are cleared. If they are cleared using
 	 * {@link #erase(Erasure)}, then the buffer will cull the trailing spaces resulting from the
-	 * clear. If they are cleared using {@link #putChar(char)} passing a space {@code ' '}, then the
-	 * inserted spaces will be included. In practice, this depends on the application controlling
-	 * the terminal.
-	 * 
+	 * clear. If they are cleared using {@link #putCodePoint(int)} passing a space {@code ' '}, then
+	 * the inserted spaces will be included. In practice, this depends on the application
+	 * controlling the terminal.
 	 * <p>
 	 * Like the other methods, locations are specified 0 up, top to bottom, and left to right.
 	 * Unlike the other methods, the ending character is excluded from the result.
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtCharset.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtCharset.java
index 5ec2145ed62..bed5ecac2f4 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtCharset.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtCharset.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -17,15 +17,13 @@
 
 /**
  * A legacy style charset
- * 
  * <p>
  * Finding the particulars for these online has not been fun, so these are implemented on an
  * as-needed basis. There's probably a simple translation to some unicode code pages, since those
  * seem to be ordered by some of these legacy character sets. The default implementation for each
- * charset will just be equivalent to US-ASCII. There's a lot of plumbing missing around these, two.
+ * charset will just be equivalent to US-ASCII. There's a lot of plumbing missing around these, too.
  * For example, I'm assuming that switching to "the alternate charset" means using G1 instead of G0.
  * I've not read carefully enough to know how G2 or G3 are used.
- * 
  * <p>
  * It'd be nice to just use UTF-8, but the application would have to agree.
  */
@@ -49,7 +47,7 @@ public enum VtCharset {
 
 	DEC_SPECIAL_LINES {
 		@Override
-		public char mapChar(char c) {
+		public int mapCodePoint(int c) {
 			switch (c) {
 				case 'j':
 					return '\u2518'; // 1pt lower-right corner
@@ -64,7 +62,7 @@ public char mapChar(char c) {
 				case 'x':
 					return '\u2502'; // 1pt vertical line
 			}
-			return super.mapChar(c);
+			return super.mapCodePoint(c);
 		}
 	},
 	DEC_SUPPLEMENTAL,
@@ -101,11 +99,15 @@ private G(char b) {
 
 	/**
 	 * Map a character, as decoded using US-ASCII, into the actual character for the character set.
+	 * <p>
+	 * This is generally only applicable when the application is using 8-bit non-unicode encoding.
+	 * The "code point" passed in will be that decoded as if using US-ASCII, i.e., it will be
+	 * between 0 and 255. This should return the unicode code point for the desired character.
 	 * 
 	 * @param c the character from US-ASCII.
-	 * @return the mapped character
+	 * @return the mapped character's unicode code point
 	 */
-	public char mapChar(char c) {
+	public int mapCodePoint(int c) {
 		return c;
 	}
 }
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtHandler.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtHandler.java
index 71742e0af0e..4b8ad875d38 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtHandler.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtHandler.java
@@ -115,6 +115,7 @@ static byte[] ascii(String str) {
 	// Various parameters for the 'h' and 'l' final CSI bytes
 
 	public static final byte[] _4 = ascii("4");
+	public static final byte[] G0 = ascii(">0");
 	public static final byte[] Q1 = ascii("?1");
 	public static final byte[] Q7 = ascii("?7");
 	public static final byte[] Q12 = ascii("?12");
@@ -127,6 +128,7 @@ static byte[] ascii(String str) {
 	public static final byte[] Q1048 = ascii("?1048");
 	public static final byte[] Q1049 = ascii("?1049");
 	public static final byte[] Q2004 = ascii("?2004");
+	public static final byte[] Q2031 = ascii("?2031");
 	public static final byte[] Q9001 = ascii("?9001");
 
 	/**
@@ -338,6 +340,10 @@ public static AnsiDimColor get(int code) {
 	 * For 8-bit colors, one of the 216 colors from the RGB cube
 	 * <p>
 	 * The r, g, and b fields give the "step" number from 0 to 5, dimmest to brightest.
+	 * 
+	 * @param r red
+	 * @param g green
+	 * @param b blue
 	 */
 	public record Ansi216Color(int r, int g, int b) implements AnsiColor {}
 
@@ -346,6 +352,8 @@ public record Ansi216Color(int r, int g, int b) implements AnsiColor {}
 	 * <p>
 	 * The v field is a value from 0 to 23, 0 being the dimmest, but not true black, and 23 being
 	 * the brightest, but not true white.
+	 * 
+	 * @param v value
 	 */
 	public record AnsiGrayscaleColor(int v) implements AnsiColor {}
 
@@ -353,6 +361,10 @@ public record AnsiGrayscaleColor(int v) implements AnsiColor {}
 	 * A 24-bit color
 	 * <p>
 	 * The r, g, and b fields are values from 0 to 255 dimmest to brightest.
+	 * 
+	 * @param r red
+	 * @param g green
+	 * @param b blue
 	 */
 	public record Ansi24BitColor(int r, int g, int b) implements AnsiColor {}
 
@@ -630,29 +642,15 @@ static String strBuf(ByteBuffer buf) {
 	default void handleCharExc(byte b) {
 		try {
 			switch (b) {
-				case 7:
-					handleBell();
-					return;
-				case 8:
-					handleBackSpace();
-					return;
-				case 9:
-					handleTab();
-					return;
-				case 10:
-					handleLineFeed();
-					return;
-				case 13:
-					handleCarriageReturn();
-					return;
-				case 14:
-					handleAltCharset(true);
-					return;
-				case 15:
-					handleAltCharset(false);
-					return;
+				case 7 -> handleBell();
+				case 8 -> handleBackSpace();
+				case 9 -> handleTab();
+				case 10 -> handleLineFeed();
+				case 13 -> handleCarriageReturn();
+				case 14 -> handleAltCharset(true);
+				case 15 -> handleAltCharset(false);
+				default -> handleChar(b);
 			}
-			handleChar(b);
 		}
 		catch (Exception e) {
 			Msg.error(this, "Exception handling terminal character output " + charInfo(b) + ":" + e,
@@ -777,6 +775,9 @@ else if (bufEq(csiParam, Q1049)) {
 		else if (bufEq(csiParam, Q2004)) {
 			handleBracketedPasteMode(en);
 		}
+		else if (bufEq(csiParam, Q2031)) {
+			handleThemeChangeNotification(en);
+		}
 		else if (bufEq(csiParam, Q9001)) {
 			handleWin32InputMode(en);
 		}
@@ -785,6 +786,15 @@ else if (bufEq(csiParam, Q9001)) {
 		}
 	}
 
+	default void handleQStuff(ByteBuffer csiParam) {
+		if (bufEq(csiParam, G0)) {
+			handleXTVersion();
+		}
+		else {
+			throw new UnknownCsiException();
+		}
+	}
+
 	/**
 	 * Handle XTerm CSI commands that manipulate the window titles
 	 * 
@@ -796,49 +806,29 @@ default void handleWindowManipulation(ByteBuffer csiParam) {
 			throw new UnknownCsiException();
 		}
 		switch (bits.nextInt()) {
-			case 22: {
+			case 22 -> {
 				switch (bits.nextInt()) {
-					case 0: {
-						handleSaveIconTitle();
-						handleSaveWindowTitle();
-						return;
-					}
-					case 1: {
+					case 0 -> {
 						handleSaveIconTitle();
-						return;
-					}
-					case 2: {
 						handleSaveWindowTitle();
-						return;
-					}
-					default: {
-						throw new UnknownCsiException();
 					}
+					case 1 -> handleSaveIconTitle();
+					case 2 -> handleSaveWindowTitle();
+					default -> throw new UnknownCsiException();
 				}
 			}
-			case 23: {
+			case 23 -> {
 				switch (bits.nextInt()) {
-					case 0: {
+					case 0 -> {
 						handleRestoreIconTitle();
 						handleRestoreWindowTitle();
-						return;
-					}
-					case 1: {
-						handleRestoreIconTitle();
-						return;
-					}
-					case 2: {
-						handleRestoreWindowTitle();
-						return;
-					}
-					default: {
-						throw new UnknownCsiException();
 					}
+					case 1 -> handleRestoreIconTitle();
+					case 2 -> handleRestoreWindowTitle();
+					default -> throw new UnknownCsiException();
 				}
 			}
-			default: {
-				throw new UnknownCsiException();
-			}
+			default -> throw new UnknownCsiException();
 		}
 	}
 
@@ -854,123 +844,98 @@ default void handleCsi(ByteBuffer csiParam, ByteBuffer csiInter, byte csiFinal)
 			throws Exception {
 		try {
 			switch (csiFinal) {
-				case '@': { // Insert characters
+				case '@' -> { // Insert characters
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleInsertCharacters(n);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'A': // Cursor up
-				case 'B': // Cursor down
-				case 'C': // Cursor forward
-				case 'D': /* Cursor back */ {
+				case 'A', 'B', 'C', 'D' -> { // Cursor up, down, forward, back
 					Direction dir = Direction.forCsiFinal(csiFinal);
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleMoveCursor(dir, n);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'G': { // Cursor character absolute
+				case 'G' -> { // Cursor character absolute
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleMoveCursorCol(n - 1);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'f': // Horizontal and Vertical Position (same as CUP)
-				case 'H': { // Cursor position
+				// Horizontal and Vertical Position (same as CUP), Cursor Position
+				case 'f', 'H' -> {
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					int m = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleMoveCursor(n - 1, m - 1);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'J': { // Erase in display
+				case 'J' -> { // Erase in display
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 0;
 					handleErase(Erasure.fromED(n));
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'K': { // Erase in line
+				case 'K' -> { // Erase in line
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 0;
 					handleErase(Erasure.fromEL(n));
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'L': { // Insert lines
+				case 'L' -> { // Insert lines
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleInsertLines(n);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'M': { // Delete lines
+				case 'M' -> { // Delete lines
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleDeleteLines(n);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'P': { // Delete characters
+				case 'P' -> { // Delete characters
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleDeleteCharacters(n);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'S': { // Scroll up lines
+				case 'S' -> { // Scroll up lines
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleScrollLinesUp(n, false);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'T': { // Scroll down lines
+				case 'T' -> { // Scroll down lines
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleScrollLinesDown(n);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'X': { // Erase characters
+				case 'X' -> { // Erase characters
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleEraseCharacters(n);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'Z': { // Cursor backward tabulation
+				case 'Z' -> { // Cursor backward tabulation
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleBackwardTab(n);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'b': { // Repeat last character
+				case 'b' -> { // Repeat last character
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleRepeatChar(n);
-					return;
-				}
-				case 'c': { // Send Device Attributes
-					Msg.trace(this, "TODO: Send Device Attributes");
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'd': { // Line position absolute
+				case 'c' -> Msg.trace(this, "TODO: Send Device Attributes");
+				case 'd' -> { // Line position absolute
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					int n = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() : 1;
 					handleMoveCursorRow(n - 1);
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'h': {
-					handleHOrLStuff(csiParam, true);
-					return;
-				}
-				case 'l': {
-					handleHOrLStuff(csiParam, false);
-					return;
-				}
-				case 'm': { // Select Graphic Rendition (SGR)
+				case 'h' -> handleHOrLStuff(csiParam, true);
+				case 'l' -> handleHOrLStuff(csiParam, false);
+				case 'm' -> { // Select Graphic Rendition (SGR)
 					if (csiParam.hasRemaining()) {
 						switch (csiParam.get(csiParam.position())) {
-							case '>': // Set key modifier options
+							case '>' -> { // Set key modifier options
 								Msg.trace(this, "TODO: Set key modifier options");
 								return;
-							case '?': // Query key modifier options
+							}
+							case '?' -> { // Query key modifier options
 								Msg.trace(this, "TODO: Query key modifier options");
 								return;
+							}
 						}
 					}
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
@@ -980,49 +945,31 @@ default void handleCsi(ByteBuffer csiParam, ByteBuffer csiInter, byte csiFinal)
 					while (bits.hasNext()) {
 						handleSgrAttribute(bits);
 					}
-					return;
 				}
-				case 'n': { // Device Status Report
+				case 'n' -> { // Device Status Report
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					if (!bits.hasNext()) {
 						throw new UnknownCsiException();
 					}
 					switch (bits.nextInt()) {
-						case 6: // Report Cursor Position
-							handleReportCursorPos();
-							return;
-						case 5: // Status Report (Not implemented)
-						default:
-							throw new UnknownCsiException();
+						case 5 -> throw new UnknownCsiException(); // Status Report (Not implemented)
+						case 6 -> handleReportCursorPos();
+						case 996 -> handleQueryTheme();
+						default -> throw new UnknownCsiException();
 					}
 				}
-				case 'p': { // Soft terminal reset
-					// TODO: Not sure how/if this should differ from "full" reset
-					handleFullReset();
-					return;
-				}
-				case 'r': { // Scroll screen
+				case 'p' -> handleFullReset(); // Really Soft, but how's it different?
+				case 'q' -> handleQStuff(csiParam);
+				case 'r' -> { // Scroll screen
 					OfInt bits = parseCsiInts(csiParam);
 					Integer start = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() - 1 : null;
 					Integer end = bits.hasNext() ? bits.nextInt() - 1 : null;
 					handleSetScrollRange(start, end);
-					return;
-				}
-				case 's': {
-					handleSaveCursorPos();
-					return;
-				}
-				case 't': { // Window manipulation
-					handleWindowManipulation(csiParam);
-					return;
-				}
-				case 'u': {
-					handleRestoreCursorPos();
-					return;
-				}
-				default: {
-					throw new UnknownCsiException();
 				}
+				case 's' -> handleSaveCursorPos();
+				case 't' -> handleWindowManipulation(csiParam);
+				case 'u' -> handleRestoreCursorPos();
+				default -> throw new UnknownCsiException();
 			}
 		}
 		catch (UnknownCsiException e) {
@@ -1229,69 +1176,27 @@ default void handleSgrAttribute(OfInt bits) {
 			return;
 		}
 		switch (code) {
-			case 0:
-				handleResetAttributes();
-				return;
-			case 1:
-				handleIntensity(Intensity.BOLD);
-				return;
-			case 2:
-				handleIntensity(Intensity.DIM);
-				return;
-			case 3:
-				handleFont(AnsiFont.ITALIC);
-				return;
-			case 4:
-				handleUnderline(Underline.SINGLE);
-				return;
-			case 5:
-				handleBlink(Blink.SLOW);
-				return;
-			case 6:
-				handleBlink(Blink.FAST);
-				return;
-			case 7:
-				handleReverseVideo(ReverseVideo.REVERSED);
-				return;
-			case 8:
-				handleHidden(true);
-				return;
-			case 9:
-				handleStrikeThrough(true);
-				return;
-			case 20:
-				handleFont(AnsiFont.BLACK_LETTER);
-				return;
-			case 21:
-				handleUnderline(Underline.DOUBLE);
-				return;
-			case 22:
-				handleIntensity(Intensity.NORMAL);
-				return;
-			case 23:
-				handleFont(AnsiFont.NORMAL);
-				return;
-			case 24:
-				handleUnderline(Underline.NONE);
-				return;
-			case 25:
-				handleBlink(Blink.NONE);
-				return;
-			case 26:
-				handleProportionalSpacing(true);
-				return;
-			case 27:
-				handleReverseVideo(ReverseVideo.NORMAL);
-				return;
-			case 28:
-				handleHidden(false);
-				return;
-			case 29:
-				handleStrikeThrough(false);
-				return;
-			default:
-				Msg.warn(this, "Unrecognized SGR attribute: " + code);
-				return;
+			case 0 -> handleResetAttributes();
+			case 1 -> handleIntensity(Intensity.BOLD);
+			case 2 -> handleIntensity(Intensity.DIM);
+			case 3 -> handleFont(AnsiFont.ITALIC);
+			case 4 -> handleUnderline(Underline.SINGLE);
+			case 5 -> handleBlink(Blink.SLOW);
+			case 6 -> handleBlink(Blink.FAST);
+			case 7 -> handleReverseVideo(ReverseVideo.REVERSED);
+			case 8 -> handleHidden(true);
+			case 9 -> handleStrikeThrough(true);
+			case 20 -> handleFont(AnsiFont.BLACK_LETTER);
+			case 21 -> handleUnderline(Underline.DOUBLE);
+			case 22 -> handleIntensity(Intensity.NORMAL);
+			case 23 -> handleFont(AnsiFont.NORMAL);
+			case 24 -> handleUnderline(Underline.NONE);
+			case 25 -> handleBlink(Blink.NONE);
+			case 26 -> handleProportionalSpacing(true);
+			case 27 -> handleReverseVideo(ReverseVideo.NORMAL);
+			case 28 -> handleHidden(false);
+			case 29 -> handleStrikeThrough(false);
+			default -> Msg.warn(this, "Unrecognized SGR attribute: " + code);
 		}
 	}
 
@@ -1522,6 +1427,26 @@ default void handleSgrAttribute(OfInt bits) {
 	 */
 	void handleBracketedPasteMode(boolean en);
 
+	/**
+	 * Toggle unsolicited theme-change notifications
+	 * <p>
+	 * This is the Dark and Light Mode detection as documented by the <a
+	 * href=https://contour-terminal.org/vt-extensions/color-palette-update-notifications/">Contour
+	 * Terminal Emulator</a>.
+	 * 
+	 * @param en true to send notifications of theme changes
+	 */
+	void handleThemeChangeNotification(boolean en);
+
+	/**
+	 * Solicit the current theme
+	 * <p>
+	 * This is the Dark and Light Mode detection as documented by the <a
+	 * href=https://contour-terminal.org/vt-extensions/color-palette-update-notifications/">Contour
+	 * Terminal Emulator</a>.
+	 */
+	void handleQueryTheme();
+
 	/**
 	 * Toggle Win32 input mode
 	 * 
@@ -1687,13 +1612,13 @@ default void handleSgrAttribute(OfInt bits) {
 	/**
 	 * Set the range of rows (viewport) involved in scrolling.
 	 * <p>
-	 * This applies not only to {@link #handleScrollUp()} and {@link #handleScrollDown()}, but also
-	 * to when the cursor moves far enough down that the display must scroll. Normally, start is 0
-	 * and end is rows-1 (The parser will adjust the 1-up indices to 0-up) so that the entire
-	 * display is scrolled. If the cursor moves past end (not just the end of the device, but the
-	 * end given here) then the scrolling region must be scrolled. The top line is removed, the
-	 * interior lines are moved up, and the bottom line is cleared. If the terminal is resized, the
-	 * scroll range is reset to the whole display.
+	 * This applies not only to {@link #handleScrollLinesUp(int, boolean)} and
+	 * {@link #handleScrollLinesDown(int)}, but also to when the cursor moves far enough down that
+	 * the display must scroll. Normally, start is 0 and end is rows-1 (The parser will adjust the
+	 * 1-up indices to 0-up) so that the entire display is scrolled. If the cursor moves past end
+	 * (not just the end of the device, but the end given here) then the scrolling region must be
+	 * scrolled. The top line is removed, the interior lines are moved up, and the bottom line is
+	 * cleared. If the terminal is resized, the scroll range is reset to the whole display.
 	 * 
 	 * @param start the first row (0-up) in the scrolling region. If omitted, the first row of the
 	 *            display.
@@ -1718,7 +1643,7 @@ default void handleSgrAttribute(OfInt bits) {
 	 * Scroll the display n lines up, considering only those lines in the scrolling range.
 	 * 
 	 * @param n the number of lines to scroll
-	 * @see #handleScrollDown()
+	 * @see #handleScrollLinesDown(int)
 	 * @see #handleSetScrollRange(Integer, Integer)
 	 */
 	void handleScrollViewportUp(int n);
@@ -1769,4 +1694,9 @@ default void handleScrollLinesUp(int n, boolean intoScrollBack) {
 	 * reset to their defaults.
 	 */
 	void handleFullReset();
+
+	/**
+	 * Handle an XTVERSION request
+	 */
+	void handleXTVersion();
 }
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtLine.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtLine.java
index 4bb1100d4bf..fe0415db571 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtLine.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtLine.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -21,7 +21,7 @@
 public class VtLine {
 	protected int cols;
 	protected int len;
-	protected char[] chars;
+	protected int[] cps;
 	protected boolean wrappedToNext;
 	private VtAttributes[] cellAttrs;
 
@@ -40,12 +40,12 @@ public VtLine(int cols) {
 	 * @param x the column, 0 up
 	 * @return the character
 	 */
-	public char getChar(int x) {
-		return chars[x];
+	public int getCodePoint(int x) {
+		return cps[x];
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Get the full character buffer
+	 * Get the full code point buffer
 	 * 
 	 * <p>
 	 * This is a reference to the buffer, which is very useful when rendering. Modifying this buffer
@@ -53,8 +53,8 @@ public char getChar(int x) {
 	 * 
 	 * @return the buffer
 	 */
-	public char[] getCharBuffer() {
-		return chars;
+	public int[] getCodePointBuffer() {
+		return cps;
 	}
 
 	/**
@@ -75,18 +75,18 @@ public VtAttributes getCellAttrs(int x) {
 	 * Place the given character with attributes into the given column
 	 * 
 	 * @param x the column, 0 up
-	 * @param c the character
+	 * @param c the unicode code point
 	 * @param attrs the attributes
 	 */
-	public void putChar(int x, char c, VtAttributes attrs) {
+	public void putCodePoint(int x, int c, VtAttributes attrs) {
 		int oldLen = len;
 		len = Math.max(len, x + 1);
 		wrappedToNext = false; // Maybe remove
 		for (int i = oldLen; i < x; i++) {
-			chars[i] = ' ';
+			cps[i] = ' ';
 			cellAttrs[i] = VtAttributes.DEFAULTS;
 		}
-		chars[x] = c;
+		cps[x] = c;
 		if (attrs != null) {
 			cellAttrs[x] = attrs;
 		}
@@ -101,28 +101,28 @@ public void resize(int cols) {
 		this.cols = cols;
 		// NB. Don't forget the characters in the buffer. User may resize back again.
 		// TODO: Could/should we re-wrap? Would need to record wraps vs returns, though.
-		if (cols <= chars.length) {
+		if (cols <= cps.length) {
 			return;
 		}
-		char[] newChars = new char[cols];
+		int[] newCodePoints = new int[cols];
 		VtAttributes[] newCellAttrs = new VtAttributes[cols];
-		System.arraycopy(chars, 0, newChars, 0, Math.min(cols, chars.length));
+		System.arraycopy(cps, 0, newCodePoints, 0, Math.min(cols, cps.length));
 		System.arraycopy(cellAttrs, 0, newCellAttrs, 0, Math.min(cols, cellAttrs.length));
-		this.chars = newChars;
+		this.cps = newCodePoints;
 		this.cellAttrs = newCellAttrs;
 	}
 
 	/**
 	 * Reset the line
 	 * 
-	 * @param cols
+	 * @param cols the new number of columns
 	 */
 	public void reset(int cols) {
 		this.cols = cols;
 		this.len = 0;
 		this.wrappedToNext = false;
-		if (this.cols != cols || this.chars == null) {
-			this.chars = new char[cols];
+		if (this.cols != cols || this.cps == null) {
+			this.cps = new int[cols];
 			this.cellAttrs = new VtAttributes[cols];
 		}
 	}
@@ -176,7 +176,7 @@ public void clearToStart(int x, VtAttributes attrs) {
 			return;
 		}
 		for (int i = 0; i <= x; i++) {
-			chars[i] = ' ';
+			cps[i] = ' ';
 			cellAttrs[i] = attrs;
 		}
 	}
@@ -196,7 +196,7 @@ public void delete(int start, int end) {
 		int shift = end - start;
 		len -= shift;
 		for (int x = start; x < end; x++) {
-			chars[x] = chars[x + shift];
+			cps[x] = cps[x + shift];
 			cellAttrs[x] = cellAttrs[x + shift];
 		}
 	}
@@ -220,7 +220,7 @@ public void erase(int start, int end, VtAttributes attrs) {
 			return;
 		}
 		for (int x = start; x < end; x++) {
-			chars[x] = ' ';
+			cps[x] = ' ';
 			cellAttrs[x] = attrs;
 		}
 	}
@@ -239,11 +239,11 @@ public void insert(int start, int n) {
 		// TODO: What about colors/attributes?
 		int end = Math.min(cols, start + n);
 		for (int x = cols - 1; x >= end; x--) {
-			chars[x] = chars[x - n];
+			cps[x] = cps[x - n];
 			cellAttrs[x] = cellAttrs[x - n];
 		}
 		for (int x = start; x < end; x++) {
-			chars[x] = ' ';
+			cps[x] = ' ';
 		}
 		len = Math.min(cols, len + n);
 		wrappedToNext = false;
@@ -296,7 +296,9 @@ public void forEachRun(RunConsumer action) {
 	public void gatherText(StringBuilder sb, int start, int end) {
 		start = Math.max(0, Math.min(start, len));
 		end = Math.max(0, Math.min(end, len));
-		sb.append(chars, start, end - start);
+		for (int i = start; i < end; i++) {
+			sb.appendCodePoint(cps[i]);
+		}
 	}
 
 	/**
@@ -305,11 +307,11 @@ public void gatherText(StringBuilder sb, int start, int end) {
 	 * <p>
 	 * This is used both when selecting words, and when requiring search to find whole words.
 	 * 
-	 * @param ch the character
+	 * @param cp the unicode code point
 	 * @return true if the character is part of a word
 	 */
-	public static boolean isWordChar(char ch) {
-		return Character.isLetterOrDigit(ch) || ch == '_' || ch == '-' || ch == '@';
+	public static boolean isWordChar(int cp) {
+		return Character.isLetterOrDigit(cp) || cp == '_' || cp == '-' || cp == '@';
 	}
 
 	/**
@@ -322,8 +324,8 @@ public static boolean isWordChar(char ch) {
 	public int findWord(int x, boolean forward) {
 		int step = forward ? 1 : -1;
 		for (int i = x; i < len && i >= 0; i += step) {
-			char ch = chars[i];
-			if (isWordChar(ch)) {
+			int cp = cps[i];
+			if (isWordChar(cp)) {
 				continue;
 			}
 			if (forward) {
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtParser.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtParser.java
index ae246e02fa3..45784575f27 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtParser.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtParser.java
@@ -16,6 +16,7 @@
 package ghidra.app.plugin.core.terminal.vt;
 
 import java.nio.ByteBuffer;
+import java.util.Objects;
 
 /**
  * The parser for a terminal emulator
@@ -141,10 +142,10 @@ public void process(ByteBuffer buf) {
 
 	protected void debugChar(char c) {
 		if (!Character.isISOControl(c)) {
-			System.err.print("%c".formatted(c));
+			System.err.println("\\x%02x (%c)".formatted(c & 0xff, c));
 		}
 		else {
-			System.err.print("\\x%02x".formatted(c & 0xff));
+			System.err.println("\\x%02x".formatted(c & 0xff));
 		}
 	}
 
@@ -156,7 +157,7 @@ protected void debugChar(char c) {
 	 * @return the new state node
 	 */
 	protected VtState doProcessByte(VtState state, byte b) {
-		return state.handleNext(b, this, handler);
+		return Objects.requireNonNull(state.handleNext(b, this, handler));
 	}
 
 	/**
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtResponseEncoder.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtResponseEncoder.java
index c6c655feeff..c3c4fb74a7d 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtResponseEncoder.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtResponseEncoder.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -23,8 +23,10 @@
 public abstract class VtResponseEncoder {
 	protected static final byte[] PASTE_START = VtHandler.ascii("\033[200~");
 	protected static final byte[] PASTE_END = VtHandler.ascii("\033[201~");
+	protected static final byte[] THEME_DARK_MODE = VtHandler.ascii("\033[?997;1n");
+	protected static final byte[] THEME_LIGHT_MODE = VtHandler.ascii("\033[?997;2n");
 
-	protected final ByteBuffer bb = ByteBuffer.allocate(16);
+	protected ByteBuffer bb = ByteBuffer.allocate(16);
 
 	protected final Charset charset;
 
@@ -61,4 +63,22 @@ public void reportPasteEnd() {
 		bb.put(PASTE_END);
 		generateBytesExc();
 	}
+
+	public void reportDarkMode(boolean isDark) {
+		bb.put(isDark ? THEME_DARK_MODE : THEME_LIGHT_MODE);
+		generateBytesExc();
+	}
+
+	public void reportXTVersion(String name, String version) {
+		byte[] bytes = "\033P>|%s(%s)\033\\".formatted(name, version).getBytes(charset);
+		if (bytes.length > bb.capacity()) {
+			int newCap = bb.capacity();
+			while (bytes.length > newCap) {
+				newCap *= 2;
+			}
+			bb = ByteBuffer.allocate(newCap);
+		}
+		bb.put(bytes);
+		generateBytesExc();
+	}
 }
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtState.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtState.java
index b0eba580432..d60ffed52aa 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtState.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/vt/VtState.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -38,48 +38,60 @@ protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
 	ESC {
 		@Override
 		protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
-			switch (b) {
-				case '7':
+			return switch (b) {
+				case '7' -> {
 					handler.handleSaveCursorPos();
-					return CHAR;
-				case '8':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '8' -> {
 					handler.handleRestoreCursorPos();
-					return CHAR;
-				case '(':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '(' -> {
 					parser.csG = G.G0;
-					return CHARSET;
-				case ')':
+					yield CHARSET;
+				}
+				case ')' -> {
 					parser.csG = G.G1;
-					return CHARSET;
-				case '*':
+					yield CHARSET;
+				}
+				case '*' -> {
 					parser.csG = G.G2;
-					return CHARSET;
-				case '+':
+					yield CHARSET;
+				}
+				case '+' -> {
 					parser.csG = G.G3;
-					return CHARSET;
-				case '[':
-					return CSI_PARAM;
-				case ']':
-					return OSC_PARAM;
-				case '=':
+					yield CHARSET;
+				}
+				case 'P' -> DCS_PARAM;
+				case '[' -> CSI_PARAM;
+				case ']' -> OSC_PARAM;
+				case '\\' -> CHAR; // ST, just go back to CHAR
+				case '=' -> {
 					handler.handleKeypadMode(KeyMode.APPLICATION);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '>':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '>' -> {
 					handler.handleKeypadMode(KeyMode.NORMAL);
-					return CHAR;
-				case 'D':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case 'D' -> {
 					handler.handleScrollViewportDown(1, true);
-					return CHAR;
-				case 'M':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case 'M' -> {
 					handler.handleScrollViewportUp(1);
-					return CHAR;
-				case 'c':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case 'c' -> {
 					handler.handleFullReset();
-					return CHAR;
-			}
-			handler.handleCharExc((byte) 0x1b);
-			handler.handleCharExc(b);
-			return CHAR;
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				default -> {
+					handler.handleCharExc((byte) 0x1b); // Is this correct?
+					yield parser.doProcessByte(CHAR, b);
+				}
+			};
 		}
 	},
 	/**
@@ -89,67 +101,78 @@ protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
 	CHARSET {
 		@Override
 		protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
-			switch (b) {
-				case '"':
-					return CHARSET_QUOTE;
-				case '%':
-					return CHARSET_PERCENT;
-				case '&':
-					return CHARSET_AMPERSAND;
-				case 'A':
+			return switch (b) {
+				case '"' -> CHARSET_QUOTE;
+				case '%' -> CHARSET_PERCENT;
+				case '&' -> CHARSET_AMPERSAND;
+				case 'A' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.UK);
-					return CHAR;
-				case 'B':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case 'B' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.USASCII);
-					return CHAR;
-				case 'C':
-				case '5':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case 'C', '5' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.FINNISH);
-					return CHAR;
-				case 'H':
-				case '7':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case 'H', '7' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.SWEDISH);
-					return CHAR;
-				case 'K':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case 'K' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.GERMAN);
-					return CHAR;
-				case 'Q':
-				case '9':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case 'Q', '9' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.FRENCH_CANADIAN);
-					return CHAR;
-				case 'R':
-				case 'f':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case 'R', 'f' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.FRENCH);
-					return CHAR;
-				case 'Y':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case 'Y' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.ITALIAN);
-					return CHAR;
-				case 'Z':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case 'Z' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.SPANISH);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '4':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '4' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.DUTCH);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '=':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '=' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.SWISS);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '`':
-				case 'E':
-				case '6':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '`', 'E', '6' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.NORWEGIAN_DANISH);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '0':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '0' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.DEC_SPECIAL_LINES);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '<':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '<' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.DEC_SUPPLEMENTAL);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '>':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '>' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.DEC_TECHNICAL);
-					return CHAR;
-			}
-			handler.handleCharExc((byte) 0x1b);
-			return parser.doProcessByte(parser.doProcessByte(CHAR, parser.csG.b), b);
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				default -> {
+					handler.handleCharExc((byte) 0x1b);
+					VtState st = CHAR;
+					st = parser.doProcessByte(st, parser.csG.b);
+					st = parser.doProcessByte(st, b);
+					yield st;
+				}
+			};
 		}
 	},
 	/**
@@ -158,20 +181,28 @@ protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
 	CHARSET_QUOTE {
 		@Override
 		protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
-			switch (b) {
-				case '>':
+			return switch (b) {
+				case '>' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.GREEK);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '4':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '4' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.DEC_HEBREW);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '?':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '?' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.DEC_GREEK);
-					return CHAR;
-			}
-			handler.handleCharExc((byte) 0x1b);
-			return parser.doProcessByte(
-				parser.doProcessByte(parser.doProcessByte(CHAR, parser.csG.b), (byte) '"'), b);
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				default -> {
+					handler.handleCharExc((byte) 0x1b);
+					VtState st = CHAR;
+					st = parser.doProcessByte(st, parser.csG.b);
+					st = parser.doProcessByte(st, (byte) '"');
+					st = parser.doProcessByte(st, b);
+					yield st;
+				}
+			};
 		}
 	},
 	/**
@@ -180,26 +211,36 @@ protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
 	CHARSET_PERCENT {
 		@Override
 		protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
-			switch (b) {
-				case '2':
+			return switch (b) {
+				case '2' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.TURKISH);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '6':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '6' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.PORTUGESE);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '=':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '=' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.HEBREW);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '0':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '0' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.DEC_TURKISH);
-					return CHAR;
-				case '5':
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				case '5' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.DEC_SUPPLEMENTAL_GRAPHICS);
-					return CHAR;
-			}
-			handler.handleCharExc((byte) 0x1b);
-			return parser.doProcessByte(
-				parser.doProcessByte(parser.doProcessByte(CHAR, parser.csG.b), (byte) '%'), b);
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				default -> {
+					handler.handleCharExc((byte) 0x1b);
+					VtState st = CHAR;
+					st = parser.doProcessByte(st, parser.csG.b);
+					st = parser.doProcessByte(st, (byte) '%');
+					st = parser.doProcessByte(st, b);
+					yield st;
+				}
+			};
 		}
 	},
 	/**
@@ -208,14 +249,35 @@ protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
 	CHARSET_AMPERSAND {
 		@Override
 		protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
-			switch (b) {
-				case '4':
+			return switch (b) {
+				case '4' -> {
 					handler.handleSetCharset(parser.csG, VtCharset.DEC_CYRILLIC);
-					return CHAR;
-			}
-			handler.handleCharExc((byte) 0x1b);
-			return parser.doProcessByte(
-				parser.doProcessByte(parser.doProcessByte(CHAR, parser.csG.b), (byte) '&'), b);
+					yield CHAR;
+				}
+				default -> {
+					handler.handleCharExc((byte) 0x1b);
+					VtState st = CHAR;
+					st = parser.doProcessByte(st, parser.csG.b);
+					st = parser.doProcessByte(st, (byte) '&');
+					st = parser.doProcessByte(st, b);
+					yield st;
+				}
+			};
+		}
+	},
+	/**
+	 * We've encountered {@code DCS}
+	 * <p>
+	 * This implementation is entirely incorrect, but it's here to clean up all the VT-100 (or not)
+	 * garbage that Claude Code emits.
+	 */
+	DCS_PARAM {
+		@Override
+		protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
+			return switch (b) {
+				case 0x1b -> CHAR; // This is really supposed to be terminated by ST (ESC \)
+				default -> DCS_PARAM;
+			};
 		}
 	},
 	/**
@@ -284,8 +346,8 @@ protected VtState handleNext(byte b, VtParser parser, VtHandler handler) {
 		}
 	},
 	/**
-	 * We've encountered {@code ESC} part of , so now we're parsing parameters until we encounter
-	 * {@code BEL} or {@code ST}.
+	 * We've encountered the {@code ESC} part of {@code OSC}, so now we're parsing parameters until
+	 * we encounter {@code BEL} or {@code ST}.
 	 */
 	OSC_ESC {
 		@Override
diff --git a/Ghidra/Test/IntegrationTest/src/test.slow/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalProviderTest.java b/Ghidra/Test/IntegrationTest/src/test.slow/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalProviderTest.java
index 1a02120ffd0..90d30ef023c 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Test/IntegrationTest/src/test.slow/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalProviderTest.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Test/IntegrationTest/src/test.slow/java/ghidra/app/plugin/core/terminal/TerminalProviderTest.java
@@ -56,6 +56,48 @@ protected static byte[] ascii(String str) {
 	TerminalService terminalService;
 	ClipboardService clipboardService;
 
+	@Test
+	public void testDecodeUnicode() throws Exception {
+		// Two non-supplemental characters
+		char[] c = new char[] {
+			0x274c,
+			0x277c
+		};
+		byte[] b = new String(c).getBytes("utf8");
+
+		terminalService = addPlugin(tool, TerminalPlugin.class);
+		clipboardService = addPlugin(tool, ClipboardPlugin.class);
+		env.showFrontEndTool();
+
+		try (Terminal term = terminalService.createNullTerminal(Charset.forName("utf8"), out -> {
+			out.reset();
+		})) {
+			term.injectDisplayOutput(b);
+			term.injectDisplayOutput("\u001b[1D".getBytes("utf8"));
+
+			assertEquals(1, term.getCursorColumn());
+		}
+	}
+
+	@Test
+	public void testDecodeUnicode24Bit() throws Exception {
+		byte[] b = bytes(0xf0, 0x93, 0x90, 0xb3); // A supplemental character
+
+		terminalService = addPlugin(tool, TerminalPlugin.class);
+		clipboardService = addPlugin(tool, ClipboardPlugin.class);
+		env.showFrontEndTool();
+
+		try (Terminal term = terminalService.createNullTerminal(Charset.forName("utf8"), out -> {
+			out.reset();
+		})) {
+			term.injectDisplayOutput(b);
+			term.injectDisplayOutput(b);
+			term.injectDisplayOutput("\u001b[1D".getBytes("utf8"));
+
+			assertEquals(1, term.getCursorColumn());
+		}
+	}
+
 	@Test
 	@SuppressWarnings("resource")
 	public void testBash() throws Exception {
@@ -80,7 +122,7 @@ public void testBash() throws Exception {
 				term.addTerminalListener(new TerminalListener() {
 					@Override
 					public void resized(short cols, short rows) {
-						System.err.println("resized: " + cols + "x" + rows);
+						// System.err.println("resized: " + cols + "x" + rows);
 						child.setWindowSize(cols, rows);
 					}
 				});
@@ -115,7 +157,7 @@ public void testTermmines() throws Exception {
 				term.addTerminalListener(new TerminalListener() {
 					@Override
 					public void resized(short cols, short rows) {
-						System.err.println("resized: " + cols + "x" + rows);
+						// System.err.println("resized: " + cols + "x" + rows);
 						child.setWindowSize(cols, rows);
 					}
 				});
@@ -147,7 +189,7 @@ public void testCmd() throws Exception {
 				term.addTerminalListener(new TerminalListener() {
 					@Override
 					public void resized(short cols, short rows) {
-						System.err.println("resized: " + cols + "x" + rows);
+						// System.err.println("resized: " + cols + "x" + rows);
 						child.setWindowSize(cols, rows);
 					}
 				});
```
-----------------------------------
