# Commit: 412bd0ffc13647219a60a956ee492a159a3f4efc
## Message: GP-0: Fixing some warnings
## Diff:
```
diff --git a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/AnalyzerType.java b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/AnalyzerType.java
index a82540df574..ece003fcb78 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/AnalyzerType.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Features/Base/src/main/java/ghidra/app/services/AnalyzerType.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -62,7 +62,7 @@ private AnalyzerType(String name, String description) {
 	}
 
 	/**
-	 * Return the name of this AnalyzerType. 
+	 * {@return the name of this AnalyzerType}
 	 */
 	public String getName() {
 		return name;
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/Generic/src/main/java/ghidra/util/datastruct/Array.java b/Ghidra/Framework/Generic/src/main/java/ghidra/util/datastruct/Array.java
index 6df7da20a52..12a4de6a35c 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/Generic/src/main/java/ghidra/util/datastruct/Array.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/Generic/src/main/java/ghidra/util/datastruct/Array.java
@@ -1,13 +1,12 @@
 /* ###
  * IP: GHIDRA
- * REVIEWED: YES
  *
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -26,15 +25,15 @@
 public interface Array {
 
     /**
-     * Removes the value at that index.  If the array is of primitive type (int, short, etc),
-     * then "removing" the value is equivilent to setting the value to 0;
-     * @param index int index into the array to remove.
-     */
+	 * Removes the value at that index.  If the array is of primitive type (int, short, etc),
+	 * then "removing" the value is equivalent to setting the value to 0;
+	 * @param index int index into the array to remove.
+	 */
     void remove(int index);
 
     /**
-     * Returns the index of the last non-null or non-zero element in the array.
-     */
+	 * {@return the index of the last non-null or non-zero element in the array}
+	 */
     int getLastNonEmptyIndex();
 
 	/**
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/database/ProgramCompilerSpec.java b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/database/ProgramCompilerSpec.java
index 91c43738681..6b24eca05bf 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/database/ProgramCompilerSpec.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/database/ProgramCompilerSpec.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -45,18 +45,17 @@
  * (See {@link SpecExtension}) using
  * {@link SpecExtension#addReplaceCompilerSpecExtension(String, TaskMonitor)} or
  * {@link SpecExtension#removeCompilerSpecExtension(String, TaskMonitor)}.
- * 
+ * <p>
  * {@code ProgramCompilerSpec} allows the static evaluation models, described by the underlying
  * {@link BasicCompilerSpec} and returned by
  * {@link #getPrototypeEvaluationModel(EvaluationModelType)}, to be overridden by Program-specific
  * options.
- * 
+ * <p>
  * {@link #getDecompilerOutputLanguage()} queries the Program-specific language the decompiler
  * should use as output.
- * 
+ * <p>
  * {@link #installExtensions()} is the main entry point for integrating the Program Options with the
  * Language's base CompilerSpec and producing a complete in-memory CompilerSpec for the Program.
- * 
  */
 public class ProgramCompilerSpec extends BasicCompilerSpec {
 
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressMapImpl.java b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressMapImpl.java
index 5293fda0ca5..9a3efcce345 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressMapImpl.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressMapImpl.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -58,6 +58,7 @@ public AddressMapImpl() {
 	/**
 	 * Creates a new AddressMapImpl with the specified mapID
 	 * @param mapID the 8-bit value is placed in the upper 8 bits of every address encoding.
+	 * @param addrFactory the address factory
 	 */
 	public AddressMapImpl(byte mapID, AddressFactory addrFactory) {
 		this.addrFactory = addrFactory;
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressRange.java b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressRange.java
index ab00cd6ddb6..0e97cc303e9 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressRange.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressRange.java
@@ -31,18 +31,18 @@
 public interface AddressRange extends Comparable<AddressRange>, Iterable<Address> {
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the number of addresses in the range.
+	 * {@return the number of addresses in the range}
 	 */
 	public long getLength();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the number of addresses as a BigInteger.
-	 * @return the number of addresses as a BigInteger.
+	 * {@return the number of addresses as a BigInteger}
 	 */
 	public BigInteger getBigLength();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if the given address is contained in the range.
+	 * {@return true if the given address is contained in the range}
+	 * @param addr The address to check
 	 */
 	public boolean contains(Address addr);
 
@@ -64,13 +64,13 @@ public interface AddressRange extends Comparable<AddressRange>, Iterable<Address
 	public AddressRange intersectRange(Address start, Address end);
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if the given range intersects this range.
+	 * {@return true if the given range intersects this range; otherwise, false}
 	 * @param range the range to test for intersection with.
 	 */
 	public boolean intersects(AddressRange range);
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if the given range intersects this range.
+	 * {@return true if the given range intersects this range; otherwise, false}
 	 * @param start the first address in the range to test for intersection.
 	 * @param end the last address in the range to test for intersection.
 	 */
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressSetCollection.java b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressSetCollection.java
index 4664525a665..14bea72b9f9 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressSetCollection.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressSetCollection.java
@@ -23,7 +23,8 @@
 public interface AddressSetCollection {
 
 	/**
-	 * Determine if any AddressSet in this collection intersects with the specified address set.
+	 * {@return true if any AddressSet in this collection intersects with the specified address set;
+	 * otherwise, false}
 	 *
 	 * @param addrSet address set to check intersection with.
 	 */
@@ -57,7 +58,8 @@ public interface AddressSetCollection {
 	public boolean hasFewerRangesThan(int rangeThreshold);
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns a single AddressSet containing the union of all the addressSetViews in the collection.  
+	 * {@return a single AddressSet containing the union of all the addressSetViews in the 
+	 * collection}  
 	 */
 	public AddressSet getCombinedAddressSet();
 
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressSpace.java b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressSpace.java
index 7ed225e37d7..b828518170f 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressSpace.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/AddressSpace.java
@@ -102,7 +102,7 @@ public interface AddressSpace extends Comparable<AddressSpace> {
 		new GenericAddressSpace("REGISTER", 32, TYPE_REGISTER, 0);
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the name of this address space.
+	 * {@return the name of this address space}.
 	 * With the exception of {@link OverlayAddressSpace}, the name of an address space may not change.
 	 */
 	String getName();
@@ -114,14 +114,16 @@ public interface AddressSpace extends Comparable<AddressSpace> {
 	 */
 	int getSpaceID();
 
-	/** Returns the number of bits that are used to form the address.  Thus
+	/**
+	 * {@return the number of bits that are used to form the address.}  Thus
 	 * the maximum offset for this address space will be 2^size-1.
 	 */
 	int getSize();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the number of data bytes which correspond to each addressable 
-	 * location within this space (i.e., word-size in bytes).
+	 * {@return the number of data bytes which correspond to each addressable 
+	 * location within this space (i.e., word-size in bytes).}
+	 * <p>
 	 * NOTE: When transforming a byte-offset to an addressable word
 	 * offset the method {@link #getAddressableWordOffset(long)} should
 	 * be used instead of simple division.  When transforming an addressable word-offset
@@ -145,17 +147,19 @@ public interface AddressSpace extends Comparable<AddressSpace> {
 	public long getAddressableWordOffset(long byteOffset);
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the absolute size of a pointer into this space (in bytes).
+	 * {@return the absolute size of a pointer into this space (in bytes).}
 	 * @see Program#getDefaultPointerSize() for a user adjustable pointer size which is derived from the
 	 * CompilerSpec store pointer size.
 	 */
 	int getPointerSize();
 
-	/** Returns the type of this address space
+	/** 
+	 * {@return the type of this address space}
 	 */
 	int getType();
 
-	/** Returns the unique index for this address space
+	/**
+	 * {@return the unique index for this address space}
 	 */
 	int getUnique();
 
@@ -372,14 +376,14 @@ public Address addNoWrap(GenericAddress addr, BigInteger displacement)
 	/**
 	 * Check the specified address range for validity within this space.
 	 * Segmented spaces will restrict a range to a single segment.
-	 * @param byteOffset
-	 * @param length
+	 * @param byteOffset The offset
+	 * @param length The length
 	 * @return true if range is valid for this space
 	 */
 	public boolean isValidRange(long byteOffset, long length);
 
 	/**
-	 * Tests whether addr2 immediately follows addr1.
+	 * {@return true if addr2 immediately follows addr1; otherwise, false}
 	 * @param addr1 the first address.
 	 * @param addr2 the second address.
 	 */
@@ -426,7 +430,9 @@ public Address addNoWrap(GenericAddress addr, BigInteger displacement)
 	public long makeValidOffset(long offset) throws AddressOutOfBoundsException;
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this space represents a memory address.  NOTE: It is important to 
+	 * {@return true if this space represents a memory address.}
+	 * <p>
+	 * NOTE: It is important to 
 	 * make the distinction between Loaded and Non-Loaded memory addresses.  Program importers
 	 * may create memory blocks associated with Non-Loaded file content which are not associated
 	 * with processor defined memory regions.  While Loaded file content is placed into
@@ -438,49 +444,48 @@ public Address addNoWrap(GenericAddress addr, BigInteger displacement)
 	public boolean isMemorySpace();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this space represents a Loaded Memory
-	 * region (e.g., processor RAM).
+	 * {@return true if this space represents a Loaded Memory region (e.g., processor RAM)}
 	 */
 	public boolean isLoadedMemorySpace();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this space represents a Non-Loaded storage region
-	 * for retaining non-loaded file data (e.g., OTHER)
+	 * {@return true if this space represents a Non-Loaded storage region
+	 * for retaining non-loaded file data (e.g., OTHER)}
 	 */
 	public boolean isNonLoadedMemorySpace();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this space represents a register location
+	 * {@return true if this space represents a register location}
 	 */
 	public boolean isRegisterSpace();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this space represents a variable location
+	 * {@return true if this space represents a variable location}
 	 */
 	public boolean isVariableSpace();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this space represents a stack location
+	 * {@return true if this space represents a stack location}
 	 */
 	public boolean isStackSpace();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this space represents a location in the HASH space. 
+	 * {@return true if this space represents a location in the HASH space}
 	 */
 	public boolean isHashSpace();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this space in the EXTERNAL_SPACE
+	 * {@return true if this space in the EXTERNAL_SPACE}
 	 */
 	public boolean isExternalSpace();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this space in the unique space
+	 * {@return true if this space in the unique space}
 	 */
 	public boolean isUniqueSpace();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this space in the constant space
+	 * {@return true if this space in the constant space}
 	 */
 	public boolean isConstantSpace();
 
@@ -493,17 +498,17 @@ public Address addNoWrap(GenericAddress addr, BigInteger displacement)
 	boolean hasMappedRegisters();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if the address should display its addressSpace name.
+	 * {@return true if the address should display its addressSpace name}
 	 */
 	boolean showSpaceName();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if this addressSpace is an OverlayAddressSpace
+	 * {@return true if this addressSpace is an overlay address space}
 	 */
 	boolean isOverlaySpace();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if space uses signed offset
+	 * {@return true if space uses signed offset}
 	 */
 	boolean hasSignedOffset();
 
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/OldGenericNamespaceAddress.java b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/OldGenericNamespaceAddress.java
index a3253fed0d5..39d4e60740e 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/OldGenericNamespaceAddress.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/address/OldGenericNamespaceAddress.java
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
  * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  * You may obtain a copy of the License at
- * 
+ *
  *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
- * 
+ *
  * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
@@ -47,7 +47,7 @@ public OldGenericNamespaceAddress(AddressSpace addrSpace, long offset, long name
 	}
 	
 	/**
-	 * Returns the namespace ID assigned to this address.
+	 * {@return the namespace ID assigned to this address.}
 	 * This namespace ID generally corresponds to a Function.
 	 */
 	public long getNamespaceID() {
@@ -55,7 +55,7 @@ public long getNamespaceID() {
 	}
 	
 	/**
-	 * Returns global address (i.e., GenericAddress) for this address.
+	 * {@return global address (i.e., GenericAddress) for this address.}
 	 */
 	public Address getGlobalAddress() {
 		return addrSpace.getAddress(offset);
@@ -65,7 +65,7 @@ public Address getGlobalAddress() {
 	 * Returns minimum namespace address within the specified address space for upgrade iterators.
 	 * A minimum offset of 0x0 is always assumed.  
 	 * @param addrSpace address space
-	 * @param namespaceID
+	 * @param namespaceID The namespace ID
 	 * @return minimum address
 	 */
 	public static Address getMinAddress(AddressSpace addrSpace, long namespaceID) {
@@ -77,7 +77,7 @@ public static Address getMinAddress(AddressSpace addrSpace, long namespaceID) {
 	 * For a signed stack space, the negative region is treated as positive for the purpose of 
 	 * identifying the maximum address key encoding.
 	 * @param addrSpace address space
-	 * @param namespaceID
+	 * @param namespaceID The namespace ID
 	 * @return maximum address
 	 */
 	public static Address getMaxAddress(AddressSpace addrSpace, long namespaceID) {
diff --git a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/mem/Memory.java b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/mem/Memory.java
index 8e96e26eaf3..3b756fc30a3 100644
--- a/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/mem/Memory.java
+++ b/Ghidra/Framework/SoftwareModeling/src/main/java/ghidra/program/model/mem/Memory.java
@@ -97,20 +97,20 @@ public interface Memory extends AddressSetView {
 	public static final long MAX_BLOCK_SIZE = (long) MAX_BLOCK_SIZE_GB << GBYTE_SHIFT_FACTOR;
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the program that this memory belongs to.
+	 * {@return the program that this memory belongs to}
 	 */
 	public Program getProgram();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the set of addresses which correspond to all the "loaded" memory blocks that have
-	 * initialized data.  This does not include initialized memory blocks that contain data from
+	 * {@return the set of addresses which correspond to all the "loaded" memory blocks that have
+	 * initialized data.}  This does not include initialized memory blocks that contain data from
 	 * the program's file header such as debug sections.
 	 */
 	public AddressSetView getLoadedAndInitializedAddressSet();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the set of addresses which correspond to all memory blocks that have
-	 * initialized data.  This includes initialized memory blocks that contain data from
+	 * {@return the set of addresses which correspond to all memory blocks that have
+	 * initialized data.}  This includes initialized memory blocks that contain data from
 	 * the program's file header that are not actually in the running in memory image,
 	 * such as debug sections.  Use {@link #getLoadedAndInitializedAddressSet} if you only want
 	 * the addressed of the loaded in memory blocks.
@@ -118,19 +118,21 @@ public interface Memory extends AddressSetView {
 	public AddressSetView getAllInitializedAddressSet();
 
 	/**
-	 * Use {@link #getLoadedAndInitializedAddressSet} instead.
-	 * @deprecated
+	 * {@return the set of addresses which correspond to all the "loaded" memory blocks that have
+	 * initialized data.}  This does not include initialized memory blocks that contain data from
+	 * the program's file header such as debug sections.
+	 * @deprecated Use {@link #getLoadedAndInitializedAddressSet} instead
 	 */
 	@Deprecated
 	public AddressSetView getInitializedAddressSet();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns the set of addresses which correspond to the executable memory.
+	 * {@return the set of addresses which correspond to the executable memory}
 	 */
 	public AddressSetView getExecuteSet();
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns true if the memory is bigEndian, false otherwise.
+	 * {@return true if the memory is bigEndian, false otherwise}
 	 */
 	public boolean isBigEndian();
 
@@ -429,7 +431,7 @@ public MemoryBlock createBlock(MemoryBlock block, String name, Address start, lo
 	public void removeBlock(MemoryBlock block, TaskMonitor monitor) throws LockException;
 
 	/**
-	 * Get the memory size in bytes.
+	 * {@return the memory size in bytes}
 	 */
 	public long getSize();
 
@@ -449,7 +451,7 @@ public MemoryBlock createBlock(MemoryBlock block, String name, Address start, lo
 	public MemoryBlock getBlock(String blockName);
 
 	/**
-	 * Returns an array containing all the memory blocks.
+	 * {@return an array containing all the memory blocks}
 	 */
 	public MemoryBlock[] getBlocks();
 
@@ -500,10 +502,10 @@ public MemoryBlock join(MemoryBlock blockOne, MemoryBlock blockTwo)
 			throws LockException, MemoryBlockException, NotFoundException;
 
 	/**
-	 * Convert an existing uninitialized block with an
-	 * initialized block.
+	 * Convert an existing uninitialized block with an initialized block.
 	 * @param uninitializedBlock uninitialized block to convert
 	 * @param initialValue initial value for the bytes
+	 * @return the converted block
 	 * @throws LockException if exclusive lock not in place (see haveLock())
 	 * @throws MemoryBlockException if there is no block in memory
 	 * at the same address as block or if the block lengths are not
@@ -526,6 +528,7 @@ public MemoryBlock convertToUninitialized(MemoryBlock itializedBlock)
 	  *              if all bits of each byte is to be checked (ie: all mask bytes are 0xff),
 	  *              then pass a null for masks.
 	  * @param forward if true, search in the forward direction.
+	  * @param monitor the monitor
 	  *
 	  * @return The address of where the first match is found. Null is returned
 	  * if there is no match.
@@ -547,6 +550,7 @@ public Address findBytes(Address addr, byte[] bytes, byte[] masks, boolean forwa
 	  *              if all bits of each byte is to be checked (ie: all mask bytes are 0xff),
 	  *              then pass a null for masks.
 	  * @param forward if true, search in the forward direction.
+	  * @param monitor the monitor
 	  *
 	  * @return The address of where the first match is found. Null is returned
 	  * if there is no match.
```
-----------------------------------
